40, 7,  56,  68 , 173, 141,  82 ,  140,  191 , 123,0
Instruction set extensions (ISEs) can be used effectively to accelerate the performance of embedded processors. The critical and difficult task of ISE selection is often performed manually by designers. A few automatic methods for ISE generation have shown good capabilities but are still limited in the handling of memory accesses, and so they fail to directly address the memory wall problem. We present here the first ISE identification technique that can automatically identify state-holding application-specific functional units (AFUs) comprehensively, thus being able to eliminate a large portion of memory traffic from cache and the main memory. Our cycle-accurate results obtained by the SimpleScalar simulator show that the identified AFUs with architecturally visible storage gain significantly more than previous techniques and achieve an average speedup of 2.8<formula formulatype="inline"><tex>$times$</tex></formula> over pure software execution with a little area overhead. Moreover, the number of required memory-access instructions is reduced by two thirds on average, suggesting corresponding benefits on energy consumption. </para>
Fault screeners are a new breed of fault identification technique that can probabilistically detect if a transient fault has affected the state of a processor. We demonstrate that fault screeners function because of two key characteristics. First, we show that much of the intermediate data generated by a program inherently falls within certain consistent bounds. Second, we observe that these bounds are often violated by the introduction of a fault. Thus, fault screeners can identify faults by directly watching for any data inconsistencies arising in an application's behavior. We present an idealized algorithm capable of identifying over 85%of injected faults on the SpecInt suite and over 75%overall. Further, in a realistic implementation on a simulated Pentium-III-like processor, about half of the errors due to injected faults are identified while still in speculative state. Errors detected this early can be eliminated by a pipeline flush. In this paper, we present several hardware-based versions of this screening algorithm and show that flushing the pipeline every time the hardware screener triggers reduces overall performance by less than 1
The aim of this paper is to provide an experimental examination of the application of linear system identification techniques in the design of linear model-based controllers for systems suffering nonlinear distortions. The study is conducted on an analog electrical circuit, which simulates a nonlinear mechanical resonating system. Parametric linear models are estimated from measurements taken using random-phase multisines. Furthermore, a full nonlinear model is estimated for the system. Initially, the estimated linear models and the nonlinear model are compared in terms of their performance in simulating the system dynamics. This is followed by the design of linear optimal controllers for the system based on the different models, and the performance obtained from the controllers based on the nonlinear model is set as the benchmark. It is shown that although the performance of the linear models estimated from the random multisine measurements is poor in terms of the simulation error when compared to that of the nonlinear model, it closely matches the performance of the nonlinear model in terms of controller design. </para>
This paper proposes a new power estimation technique for array processing applications in the low sample size regime. The technique is especially suitable for applications where the direction of arrival (DoA) detection is performed using subspace identification techniques, because the eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the sample convariance matrix are already computed for DoA estimation and are therefore available for power estimation as well. The performance of the algorithm is similar to that of the traditional Maximum Likelihood (ML) power estimation technique, but it is more robust to the presence of outliers in the direction of arrival (DoA) detection process. This is because, contrary to the ML estimator. the proposed power estimator onl depends on the signature of the source of interest.
This paper describes methods for forensic characterization of imaging devices. This is important in verifying the trust and authenticity of data and the device that created it. Current forensic identification techniques for imaging devices, such as digital cameras, scanners, and printers, are presented. We discuss our ongoing research in creating a forensic framework for these devices. Also discussed are methods we have developed for securely embedding a separate communications channel in the device output.
Due to the limitless possibilities and low cost, Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) systems have emerged as an affordable solution for object identification. They are a cheap and error proof alternative to traditional object identification techniques. Simultaneous transmissions in RFID systems lead to collisions as the readers and tags typically operate on the shared wireless channel. Therefore, collision arbitration for RFID tags and readers is a significant issue for fast identification. The main focus of this paper is to research the collision resolution protocols for multi-access communication and make a comparison of performance for these anti-collision protocols in RFID systems.
Nowadays fingerprint is the most widely used and studied biometric technique because of its universality, distinctiveness, and decreasing cost of the sensing devices. Among the fingerprint identification techniques, minutiae-based algorithms are the most mature. However, these methods are computationally expensive, particularly for comparison with large databases. This work is devoted to study the performance gains that can be achieved with the use of FPGAs. To this purpose, two minutia-based fingerprint matching algorithms have been selected and implemented in a FPGA in order to compare the requirements and performance of software and hardware implementations. Experimental results demonstrate the feasibility of implementing fingerprint matching algorithms in current FPGA devices achieving speed-ups of one or two orders of magnitude. Customization of the proposed implementations can lead to several architectures optimized in size, price, speed or accuracy.
In this paper, an identification technique for the minimum-phase autoregressive moving average (ARMA) systems using only the noise-corrupted observations is presented. In order to obtain a more accurate estimate of the AR parameters in the noisy environment, a repeated autocorrelation function (RACF) of the observed data is employed in the modified least-squares Yule-Walker equations. It has been found that at a very low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR), the effect of the additive noise can be significantly reduced if a twice-RACF is employed instead of the conventional ACF. Prior to the MA part identification, a noise-compensation scheme is proposed which operates on the noise-contaminated residual signal. The MA parameters are extracted from the noise-compensated power spectrum of the residual signal using the spectral factorization. ARMA systems of different orders and some natural speech signals are tested and computer simulations demonstrate a superior identification results even at a very low SNR.
This paper presents a new face identification system based on Graph Matching Technique on SIFT features extracted from face images. Although SIFT features have been successfully used for general object detection and recognition, only recently they were applied to face recognition. This paper further investigates the performance of identification techniques based on Graph matching topology drawn on SIFT features which are invariant to rotation, scaling and translation. Face projections on images, represented by a graph, can be matched onto new images by maximizing a similarity function taking into account spatial distortions and the similarities of the local features. Two graph based matching techniques have been investigated to deal with false pair assignment and reducing the number of features to find the optimal feature set between database and query face SIFT features. The experimental results, performed on the BANCA database, demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed system for automatic face identification.
In this paper a novel technique for the detection and estimation of nonlinear mode coupling in power system time series is presented. This technique allows for the simultaneous determination of both, frequency and damping of the nonlinearly coupled modes and can be used to detect and analyze nonlinearities in stressed power systems. Using higher order statistics, techniques are devised for the detection and frequency estimation of coupling frequencies. First, a parametric method for bispectrum estimation based on a non-Gaussian autoregressive (AR) driven model is developed and used to characterize the nonlinear dynamics of oscillatory processes following large perturbations. Analysis methods are then investigated for extracting the relevant amplitude and phase of the coupled modes in both, the time and frequency domains. The method extends current linear identification techniques based on Prony analysis to the case of nonlinear systems with frequency modulation. A simplified 4-machine, 6-bus test power system is used to illustrate the applicability of the technique.
After a fault occurs in a power system, generally some operating information of protective relays and circuit breakers could be obtained. Because protective relays and circuit breakers might improperly operate or fail to operate, and some errors and distortion may exist in data acquisition and communication, as a result uncertainties could be involved in the received information. A fault diagnosis model based on fuzzy set-covering theory and mode identification technique is proposed in this paper. With the fuzzy technology, the above mentioned uncertainties could be dealt with very well. Meanwhile, as the protective relays and circuit breakers may fail to operate in some cases, there are several different operating modes in protective relays and circuit breakers even for a same electrical device failure. Based on the received information, the proposed model could identify the most possible operating mode, and then the information corresponding to a fault hypothesis could be obtained. In the proposed model, the proposed fault diagnosis problem is described as a 0-1 integer programming one, and thus could be solved by the widely employed search technology, i.e., the well-known Tabu search method. The feasibility and efficiency of the proposed model is demonstrated by a sample power system.
Electro-pneumatic valve actuators are used to eliminate the cam shaft of a traditional internal combustion engine. They are used to control the opening timing, duration, and lift of both intake and exhaust valves. A control oriented model was developed to reduce computational throughput for real-time implementation. The developed control oriented model was validated by experimental data. An adaptive valve lift control strategy was developed to improve lift repeatability. A model reference adaptive system identification technique was employed to calculate system parameters needed for generating closed-loop control signals. The convergence of the derived adaptive parameter identification algorithm was verified using the valve test bench data. The bench test data covers engine speed from 1200RPM and 5000RPM. Parameter identification convergence was achieved within 40 cycles. Error between the model and plant outputs were converged to given tolerances. Finally, a closed-loop control strategy was developed and validated in simulation.
This paper analyzes the parametric sensitivity and asymptotic variance of the arterial pressure transfer dynamics estimated from the adaptive multi-channel (AMC) system identification technique [1,2], a method devised to adaptively reconstruct the aortic blood pressure waveform in response to changes in the cardiovascular physiologic conditions. The parametric sensitivity analysis indicates that the pressure transfer dynamics is dominated by the wave transmission time delays at high frequency, which is confirmed by the asymptotic variance analysis, showing that the corresponding variance of the pressure transfer dynamics can be attenuated if accurate wave transmission time delays are provided. The relative parametric identifiability is then assessed by analyzing the eigenstructure of the predictor sensitivity matrix. Finally, the effect of data length on the parametric variance is also provided as a guideline for the trade-off between computational efficiency and the level of confidence.
Forensic characterization of devices is important in many situations such as establishing the trust and verifying authenticity of data and the device that created it. Current forensic identification techniques for digital cameras, scanners and printers are highly reliable due to the fact that each of these devices cannot escape inherent electro-mechanical properties which add "signatures" to the data they produce. In this paper we will describe the sensor forensics work going on at Purdue University.
Recently, more literatures proposed to apply audio content analysis techniques in content-based video parsing. This paper presents our works on audio classification and speaker identification techniques for video content analysis. Firstly, soundtrack extracted from video stream is partitioned into homogeneous segments using rule and Support Vector Machine(SVM) based classifier. Secondly, fixed-length speech clips randomly selected from speech segments are clustered into several clusters based on spectral clustering techniques. The clustered speech feature datasets initialize and train Gaussian Mixture Model(GMM) for each speaker. Finally, the trained GMMs accomplish speaker identification. Experimental results confirm the validity of the proposed scheme.
System identification for structural engineering has received significant attention in the last thirty years. With the ever increasing capacity of computing technology, system identification has been applied to important structures such as bridges and aircraft. In the case of bridges, the output can easily be measured by accelerometers. Considerable research in system identification on bridges has been done using output-only models. Of course, it is difficult to measure the inputs on an in-service bridge. In this paper, we see how the inputs can be estimated from the output measurements. We then use an input-output model to develop an improved system identification technique for identifying bridges. We show that the proposed method using the estimated inputs yields superior identification in a simulated case (i.e., where everything is controlled). We then use the method on the in-service Walnut Creek Bridge located on the north-bound lanes of U.S. Interstate I-35 between Dallas, TX and Oklahoma City, OK.
A novel and efficient two-dimensional (2D) linear-phase IIR filter design procedure is proposed. A 2D linear-phase FIR filter prototype is first constructed using semideflnite programming (SDP) and is decomposed into several simpler ID filter design problems via the Schur decomposition method (SDM). Each ID filter is then realized by IIR structure using a novel and efficient digital system identification technique called the Discrete-Time Vector Fitting (VFz). An application example shows the algorithm exhibits fast convergence and produces accurate IIR approximants that favors simple and efficient circuit implementation.
Synchronous STATic COMpensator (STATCOM) controllers are being more prevalently used to address some voltage and angle stability and control problems, especially in distribution systems with the advent of microgrids. Thus, this paper discusses the validity of a typical transient stability (TS) model of a STATCOM widely used in small-disturbance stability studies of large, interconnected power grids as well as microgrids. EMTDC/PSCAD-based time domain simulations for both TS and detailed models, with a standard control and a supplementary control, are used as the basis for comparison and validation. A system identification technique, i.e. the Prony method, is applied to the time domain signals to extract relevant electromechanical mode information, illustrating that, under certain conditions, typical STATCOM TS models can yield too optimistic results, which may lead to errors in power system planning and operation.
Mental stress is accompanied by dynamic changes in autonomic nervous system (ANS) activity. Heart rate variability (HRV) analysis is a popular tool for assessing the activities of autonomic nervous system. This paper presents a novel method of HRV analysis for mental stress assessment using fuzzy clustering and robust identification techniques. The approach consists of 1) online monitoring of heart rate signals, 2) signal processing (e.g., using the continuous wavelet transform to extract the local features of HRV in time-frequency domain), 3) exploiting fuzzy clustering and fuzzy identification techniques to render robustness in HRV analysis against uncertainties due to individual variations, and 4) monitoring the functioning of autonomic nervous system under different stress conditions. Our experiments involved 38 physically fit subjects (26 male, 12 female, aged 18&#x2013;29 years) in air traffic control task simulations. The subjective rating scores of mental workload were assessed using NASA Task Load Index. Fuzzy clustering methods have been used to model the experimental data. Further, a robust fuzzy identification technique has been used to handle the uncertainties due to individual variations for the assessment of mental stress. </para>
This paper presents a new approach, named as Tissue Control Method, to obtain the pulsating properties for artery. These properties are the variations of blood vessel diameter, instantaneous intra-arterial blood pressure, and the dynamic impedances of blood vessel. By maintaining the stiffness of tissue and tracking the variations of blood pressure at a critical location, it decouples the effect of the arterial pulsation from the tissue and measures the variations of the blood vessel diameter. Then employ the identification technique to obtain the mechanical impedances of the arterial blood vessel, and subsequently estimate the instantaneous blood pressure in the artery. The results of animal experiments show that the Tissue Control Method is feasible to detect the pulsating properties of the artery.
In this paper, a tool for design of decentralized controllers for irrigation channels is developed. A physical model of the channel is obtained using the St. Venant equations, and a data set is generated by simulating this model. A first order nonlinear model useful for control design is then estimated from the simulated data using system identification techniques, and a controller is designed based on the estimated model and given design specifications. The decentralized controllers are PI controllers augmented with first order low pass filters. The designed controllers showed good performance in field experiments; the water levels recovered quickly from disturbances with small deviations from setpoints.
A second order statistics based blind identification technique is used to recover the physical sources from disturbances acting on a multivariable system. The results are then used to find the physical location of disturbance sources in an active vibration isolation platform. Furthermore, implications for multivariable controller design are discussed.
This paper presents aerodynamic modelling and real-time control of a 1 degree-of-freedom (DOF) free to pitch Tailplane. The system is designed to serve as an experimental test facility for investigating flight dynamics principles, model validation and different feedback control paradigms. A high fidelity plant model is an important first step in many flight related applications such as control system design, analyses and pilot training. To achieve this objective a detailed study is conducted employing analytical as well as system identification techniques. Analytical approach although less accurate complements system identification process. This synergy is exploited along with statistical and time domain tests to arrive at a high fidelity model. It is argued that such an integrated approach is suitable for modelling a class of unmanned air vehicles. The SI model is then employed for controller synthesis. Finally, real-time pitch control under stick command is demonstrated utilising classical PI control law.
This paper presents an identification technique that au- tomatically detects the underlying script and orientation of scanned document images. In the proposed technique, document script and orientation are identified by using the stroke density and distribution, which convert each docu- ment image into a document vector. For each script at each orientation, a number of reference document vectors are first constructed. Script and orientation of the query document are then determined according to the similar- ity between the query document vector and multiple pre- constructed reference document vectors by using the K- nearest neighbor algorithm. Experiments show that the pro- posed technique is tolerant to the document skew and able to detect orientations of documents of different scripts.
This paper presents a language identification technique that detects Latin-based languages of imaged documents without OCR. The proposed technique detects languages through the word shape coding, which converts each word image into a word shape code and accordingly transforms each document image into an electronic document vector. For each Latin-based language under study, a language template is first constructed through a corpus-based learn- ing process. The underlying language of the query docu- ment is then determined based on the similarity between the query document vector and multiple constructed language templates. Compared with the reported methods, the pro- posed language identification technique is fast, accurate, and tolerant to text segmentation error caused by noise and various types of document degradation. Experimental re- sults show some promising results.
The present work evaluates the use of the evolutionary programming in problems of Industrial Automation. It is well known that technical of the evolutionary calculation as the Genetic Algorithms have provided satisfactory results when facing problems of automatic control, especially of continuous type, while the study of discrete dynamic have been relegated a little. In this work an identification technique is implemented based on the evolutionary programming for Discrete Events Dynamic Systems (DEDS), using finite state machines (like the machines of Mealy). This way, the identification of systems is approached, but whose dynamics are governed by discrete events. Also, we build a system based on the evolutionary programming to design finite state machines.
In this paper, a tool for design of decentralized controllers for irrigation channels is developed. A physical model of the channel is obtained using the St. Venant equations, and a data set is generated by simulating this model. A first order nonlinear model useful for control design is then estimated from the simulated data using system identification techniques, and a controller is designed based on the estimated model and given design specifications. The decentralized controllers are PI controllers augmented with first order low pass filters. The designed controllers showed good performance in field experiments; the water levels recovered quickly from disturbances with small deviations from setpoints.
A second order statistics based blind identification technique is used to recover the physical sources from disturbances acting on a multivariable system. The results are then used to find the physical location of disturbance sources in an active vibration isolation platform. Furthermore, implications for multivariable controller design are discussed.
This paper reports an identification technique that detects scripts and languages of noisy and degraded document images. In the proposed technique, scripts and languages are identified through the document vectorization, which converts each document image into a document vector that characterizes the shape and frequency of the conta ned character or word images. Document images are vectorized by using vertical component cuts and character extremum points, which are both tolerant to the variation in text fonts and styles, noise, and various types of document degradation. For each script or language under study, a script or language template is first constructed through a training process. Scripts and languages of document images are then determined according to the distances between converted document vectors and the pre-constructed script and language templates. Experimental results show that the proposed technique is accurate, easy for extension, and tolerant to noise and various types of document degradation.
In this paper a behavioral power amplifier model with substantially lower normalized mean-square error than the well-known and widely used parallel Hammerstein or tapped delay line model is presented. This is significant since the parallel Hammerstein model currently must be considered to be the baseline for behavioral power amplifier modeling efforts. The proposed model does also have at least as low total error as any other model known to the authors for measurements on class-AB LDMOS power amplifiers. Further, the proposed model exhibits an equal or lower out-of-band error than the parallel Hammerstein model The parameters of the model can be extracted using straightforward system identification techniques. Together this makes the proposed model a strong candidate to replace the parallel Hammerstein model as the model of choice for behavioral power amplifier modeling for many applications.
A novel decoupling controller based on support vector machines (SVM) modeling is proposed for thyristor-controlled series compensation (TCSC) and generator governor. The decoupling control law can be derived directly via Taylor expansion and is implemented straightforwardly using SVM modeling. Only general SVM identification technique is involved in both model development and controller design without extra training. The robustness of the stability and the performance of the controller is rigorously established by using Lyapunov method. Simulations demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed control scheme.
The method of gradient-like Morse-Smale controlled (GLMSC) systems is a systematic approach to solve global asymptotic stabilization problems for finite and nonlinear state equations. A GLMSC system is a closed loop system equipped with the structure of a gradient-like Morse-Smale flow. In general, the system has finitely many hyperbolic singular points of the vector field. Its global compact attractor can be represented as a normal CW-complex (CWC). For a fixed combination of hyperbolic singular points, there appear a vast number of corresponding CWCs with different structures. In this paper, we investigate an identification technique for these CWCs with the same singular point data and propose a notion of 'characteristic families of dissipative boundaries' for distinguishing a given CWC from others.
Non-line-of-sight (NLOS) propagation can severely degrade the reliability of communication and localisation accuracy in indoor ultra-wideband (UWB) 'location-aware' networks. Link adaptation and NLOS bias mitigation techniques have respectively been proposed to alleviate these effects, but implicitly rely on the ability to accurately distinguish between LOS and NLOS propagation scenarios. A statistical NLOS identification technique based on the hypothesis-testing of received signal parameters in UWB propagation channels is discussed. In contrast to narrowband and wideband signals, UWB signals possess higher temporal resolution and robustness to multipath fading. We show that these characteristics result in differences in the statistics of (a) the time-of-arrival (TOA), (b) the received signal strength (RSS) and (c) the root-mean-squared delay spread (RDS) of the received signals, between LOS and NLOS propagation scenarios, which can be exploited for accurate channel identification. We statistically characterise the ability of TOA, RSS and RDS estimates to distinguish between LOS and NLOS propagation based on an extensive indoor measurement campaign. Our measurement results suggest that the RDS of UWB signals can, even in isolation and without complete statistical information, serve as a robust and computationally efficient indicator of the LOS/NLOS nature of propagation. Finally, we demonstrate the efficacy of the discussed NLOS identification method in a location- tracking application based on indoor UWB measurements.
In this paper a behavioral power amplifier model with substantially lower normalized mean-square error than the well-known and widely used parallel Hammerstein or tapped delay line model is presented. This is significant since the parallel Hammerstein model currently must be considered to be the baseline for behavioral power amplifier modeling efforts. The proposed model does also have at least as low total error as any other model know n to the authors for measurements on class-AB LDMOS power amplifiers. Further, the proposed model exhibits an equal or lower out-of-band error than the parallel Hammerstein model The parameters of the model can be extracted using straightforward system identification techniques. Together this makes the proposed model a strong candidate to replace the parallel Hammerstein model as the model of choice for behavioral power amplifier modeling for many applications.
RFID is an automatic identification technique that stores and remotely retrieves data on small devices called tags. This technology enables tracking of people and objects and could support the conception of pervasive networks if identities are linked in real-time to their locations. We propose a scalable and robust 3-D localization method for RFID tags based only on connectivity information. Virtual landmarks are used to define inclusive and exclusive constraints, localize tags and estimate the accuracy of the calculations. Simulation results show that our algorithm provides fine-grained localization accuracy.
Automated fingerprint Identification is a method to identify a person based on his fingerprint physiological characteristics. Along with the rapid development of fingerprint identification technique and its broad applications, preprocessing algorithm is becoming a significant subject. In this paper, we present an automatic fingerprint acquisition and preprocessing system with a fixed point DSP, TMS320VC5509A and a fingerprint sensor, MBF200. The system is diminutive and flexible. We study preprocessing algorithms including filtering, enhancement, binarization, and thinning. By comparing different algorithms, a best one is selected. The system is implemented with C on the C55X platform.
A passive RF signal receiving and power switch ASIC is proposed, designed and verified for remote ac power switch. This IC receives 915MHz RF signals containing power switching commands, and switches on/off the ac power relay of a household appliance accordingly. The proposed ASIC only uses energy recovered from the received RF signal, and it consumes almost zero stand-by current. The wireless identification technique is adopted to improve its anti-disturbance performance. The ASIC is designed in the 0.18&#x03BC;m CMOS process, and it occupies a core area of 0.9mm<sup>2</sup>. It can work with an RF input power as low as of 40&#x03BC;W, and the data receiving rate is &#x223C;25kbps. The measured standby current is less than 10nA. The designed ASIC has been verified in a wireless switch demo system which can be used to switch a 220V AC bulb remotely.
Hidden Markov models using Gaussian mixture models as their hidden state distributions have been successfully applied in text-dependent speaker identification applications. Nevertheless, it is well-known that Gaussian mixture models are very vulnerable to the presence of outliers in the fitting set used for their estimation. Student's-t mixture models have been proposed recently as a heavy-tailed, tolerant to outliers alternative to Gaussian mixture models. In this paper we exploit the robustness of Student's-t mixture models in the context of hidden Markov models by introducing a new hidden Markov chain model where the hidden state distributions are Student's-t mixture models. We experimentally show that our model outperforms competing text-dependent speaker identification techniques.
For non-stationary displacement sequence of the real-world image sequence, this paper presents a distortion identification technique based on Hilbert Huang Transform (HHT) to identify the distortion model and distortion frequency of the displacement sequence. Experiment results show that this technique can identify the distortion model and distortion frequency of the displacement sequence accurately and quickly. Based on these identification results, we can realize the video stabilization effectively.
The Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN) is the oldest and largest telecommunications network in existence. The auto call-transfer function is one of the basic services supported by PSTN that switches incoming calls to the subscriber. It is likely for the subscribers to lose incoming calls when they leave the room. Therefore, we propose a ZigBee location-awareness and tag identification technique for the traditional phone system. Our technique identifies a person's location as he/she moves around the office building. Whenever there is an incoming call, the call will be transferred to the office phone nearest the person. As a result, the overall service quality would be enhanced to practical effect.
This paper focuses on the system identification of the thermal dynamics of a domestic dwelling and the aim of the modelling process is to design an efficient control scheme that minimises energy usage and, consequently, fuel bills. Existing software packages for thermal modelling of structures are based on physical models or finite element analysis and use real data for comparative purposes only. In contrast, in this study a wireless sensor network was used to measure actual temperature variations and this data was used to identify a process model. By successfully twinning wireless technology and system identification techniques, an overall model structure of the heat characteristics of a domestic residence is presented in this paper.
An infrared oven temperature in hard disk drive (HDD) manufacturing process is controlled by using PID controller. The control temperature problems of old infrared oven due to exceeded temperature and settling time because the physical of old infrared oven is changed. The parameters of PID controller are not appropriate for a new condition. Therefore the infrared oven control system will have low efficiency. In practical cases, the desired performance characteristics of temperature control system are specified in terms of the transient response to step input. This paper proposes a controller design and identification technique for an infrared oven in HDD manufacturing process. An approximated transfer function for an infrared oven investigated from the closed-loop identification by using nonlinear least squares method and the optimization of PID controller design is obtained via gradient descent method. The experimental and simulation results showed good control performance in actual operations.
We propose a new method for the integral nonlinearity (INL) and differential nonlinearity (DNL) testing of D/A - A/D converter pairs employing the recently developed stimulus identification method. This allows both converters to be measured independently but simultaneously without significant fault masking problems. Simulations show that the INL and DNL estimation errors for 12-b A/D and D/A converters are less than 0.5 least significant bit (LSB) units, and experimental tests give similar results.
A recent digital system identification technique, called discrete-time vector fitting (VFz), is extended to two communication system filter design problems. The first one is the complex infinite-impulse-response (IIR) filter design. The second one is the common-denominator MIMO filter design. In the second problem, a combination of VFz and QR decomposition is proposed to reduce the computational complexity. Robustness in finite-precision arithmetic is imposed in both problems via a pole radius constraint. Numerical examples confirm that VFz exhibits fast convergence and produces highly accurate approximants.
Using system identification techniques, a wide band model is developed of a typical epoxy laminate material often used as the substrate in printed circuit boards (printed wiring boards). The model is expressed in the frequency-domain using a set of Debye poles. The model is then incorporated in a time-domain electromagnetic simulation code and validated by the consideration of the scattering properties of a planar slab.
Considering the variations of inertia in real applications, an adaptive control scheme for the permanent-magnet synchronous motor speed-regulation system is proposed in this paper. First, a composite control method, i.e., the extended-state-observer (ESO)-based control method, is employed to ensure the performance of the closed-loop system. The ESO can estimate both the states and the disturbances simultaneously so that the composite speed controller can have a corresponding part to compensate for the disturbances. Then, considering the case of variations of load inertia, an adaptive control scheme is developed by analyzing the control performance relationship between the feedforward compensation gain and the system inertia. By using inertia identification techniques, a fuzzy-inferencer-based supervisor is designed to automatically tune the feedforward compensation gain according to the identified inertia. Simulation and experimental results both show that the proposed method achieves a better speed response in the presence of inertia variations.
This work describes the measurement of the frequency response of the wavelength modulation in a laser diode, for application in a closed-loop interferometer. The wavelength modulation is derived by the measurement of the interferometric phase, while the frequency response is estimated by means of frequency-domain model identification techniques.
The experimental verification of identification techniques is the ultimate step in showing its qualities and weaknesses. For research purposes, the main problem is the reproduction of measurements done by other groups to validate a new method or excitation. For teaching purposes, on the other hand, it is extremely important that the students can put the system and/or method under study into different configurations. Having a realistic, reproducible and flexible test bench is, however, not an easy mission. This motivates the development of an electronic SYStem IDentification test bench (eSYSID). This paper provides a first architectural study of a digitally-programmable analog test bench. The analog system basically describes the nonlinear state-space equations using nonlinear functions and integrators. The initial architectural structure is described to give the potential users the ability to evaluate the possible use of the test bench. Hence, this paper can be seen as a study of the eSYSID under development, with the intention to gather realistic use-cases from various research groups in the field of instrumentation, measurement and identification.
Sigma-delta modulators are becoming increasingly more popular in electronic circuits since they make optimal use of the high-speed capabilities of novel technologies. Such ΣΔ-modulators can be characterized via their signal and noise transfer function. These transfer functions are primarily used during the design of the modulators and hence, their pole/zero locations give valuable information about the system under test. The equivalent model with a signal and a noise transfer function is basically an ARMAX model. The identification of ARMAX systems is well studied under relatively general conditions. However, ΣΔ-modulators are designed such that they violate various of these general assumptions. This paper gives an overview of the properties of ΣΔ-modulators and compares the pros and contras of both time and frequency domain identification techniques for ARMAX systems. Finally, it is shown that only a modified frequency domain approach is capable to identify the ΣΔ-modulator. This technique is illustrated on a realistic low-pass ΣΔ-modulator, showing an excellent agreement between the estimated noise transfer function and the noise transfer function predicted using linear system theory.
Content fingerprinting provides a compact content-based representation of a multimedia document. An important application of fingerprinting is the identification of modified copies of the original media content. These modifications may be incidental changes that occur during the usage of multimedia, or intentional modifications made by an adversary to avoid detection. Currently, the effectiveness of content identification techniques is often assessed through benchmark databases. To complement these experimental performance evaluations, this paper develops a theoretical framework for analyzing content identification techniques. Beneficial aspects from decision theory and game theory are exploited to gain insights toward optimal system design and parameter selection.
Development of digital technique has accelerated the development of E-Commerce rapidly. This paper discusses the possibility of combining RFID (radio frequency identification) technique with E-Commerce Logistics based on the analysis of the characteristics and basic theory of RFID technique and it expounds the scope where RFID technique can be applied in E-Commerce Logistics. Comparing with other identification techniques, RFID has its unique advantages. To apply RFID technique in E-Commerce Logistics can raise the efficiency of E-Commerce Logistics operating process, and can monitor the whole logistics management process in a dynamic way as well. In the same time, it also has great meanings on optimizing supply chain resources allocation, monitoring supply chain operating and raising the integrated performance of supply chain.
This paper presents an effective blind statistical identification technique for nonstationary nonlinear systems based on an information theoretical algorithm. This technique firstly extracts, from the output signals, the multivariate relationships in the Hilbert spaces by exploiting the separability properties of the signal outputs transformed by the Karhunen-Loève transform (KLT). Then, the algorithm methodologically clusters the stochastic surfaces in the Hilbert spaces using the self-organizing maps (SOMs) and further develops their best statistical model under the fixed-rank condition. The resulting blind identification of the statistical system model is based on marginal probability density functions (PDFs), whose convergence to the statistical system model based on Monte Carlo simulations has also been demonstrated by asymptotically vanishing the Kullback-Leibler divergences. A large number of simulations on both synthetic and real systems demonstrated the validity and the excellent performances of this technique that is irrespective of the system order, the stochastic surface topology, the true marginal PDFs, and the knowledge of the statistics of the noise superimposed to the output signals. Finally, this approach could also represent a suitable and promising technique for the noninvasive diagnosis of a large class of medical pathologies originated by unknown physiological factors (nonlinear compositions of unknown input signals) and/or when they are difficult or unpractical to measure.
The need for stricter security, availability of sophisticated algorithms and improved hardware at cheaper price, are the driving forces for increasing popularity of biometric authentication. Machine authentication from face images or fingerprints at the entrance of a building or at bank-teller is getting more and more common. The popularity of using face image features for authentication is due to its ease of use. But its success depends on proper orientation and illumination. Facial features change with the angle of orientation, and even a genuine person would be rejected by the machine due to improper orientation of the face towards the camera. In this work, we proposed a multi-layer perceptron based face identification technique which is robust to orientation of the face image under similar illumination condition. Training data of facial features against orientation angle features is used to train a Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP). It is then used for interpolation of facial features at different angles. Experiments were conducted with two types of face image identifying features, using PCA and ICA. A good interpolation property could be obtained by the trained MLP, and a zero equal error rate (EER) could be achieved.
In this paper, we propose an acoustic-based head orientation estimation method using a microphone array mounted on a wheelchair, and apply it to a novel interface for controlling a powered wheelchair. The proposed interface does not require disabled people to wear any microphones or utter recognizable voice commands. By mounting the microphone array system on the wheelchair, our system can easily distinguish user utterances from other voices without using a speaker identification technique. The proposed interface is also robust to interference from surrounding noise. From the experimental results, we confirm the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed method.
Safety is a critical factor when designing a robotic rehabilitation environment. Whole-limb or life-size haptic interaction would allow virtual robotic rehabilitation of daily living activities such as sweeping or shelving. However, it has been too dangerous to implement such an environment with conventional active robots that use motor, hydraulic, or pneumatic actuation. To address this issue, a life-size 6-degree-of-freedom (DOF) brake-actuated manipulator (BAM) was designed and constructed. This paper details the BAM's system models including mechanisms, kinematics, and dynamics, as well as detailed input and friction models. In addition, a new system-identification technique that utilizes human input to excite the robot's dynamics with unscented Kalman filtering was employed to identify system parameters. Noise sources are discussed, and the model is validated through force estimation with inverse dynamics. Model parameters and performance are compared with other commercially available haptic devices. The BAM shows a significantly larger workspace, maximum force, and stiffness over other devices exhibiting its promise toward rehabilitative applications.
In this paper, we present an architecture and semi-blind identification method for a polyphase nonlinear equalizer (pNLEQ). Such an equalizer is useful for extending the dynamic range of time-interleaved analog-to-digital converters (ADCs). Our proposed architecture is a polyphase extension to other architectures that partition the Volterra kernel into small nonlinear filters with relatively low computational complexity. Our semi-blind identification technique addresses important practical concerns in the equalizer identification process. We describe our architecture and demonstrate its performance with measured results when applied to a National Semiconductor ADC081000.
We present a simplified model of mechanical behavior of large cantilever arrays with discoupled rows in the dynamic operating regime. Since the supporting bases are assumed to be elastic, cross-talk effect between cantilevers is taken into account. The mathematical derivation combines a thin plate asymptotic theory and the two-scale approximation theory, devoted to strongly heterogeneous periodic systems. The model is not standard, so we present some of its features. We explain how each eigenmode is decomposed into a products of a base mode with a cantilever mode. We explain the method used for its discretization, and report results of its numerical validation with full three-dimensional Finite Element simulations. Finally, we provide a short description of parameter updating and identification techniques developed for the model.
The reliability of the electrostatically actuated MEMS contact switches is known to be significantly undermined by the unstable dynamic behaviour of devices. High impact forces, bouncing at the contact and oscillations upon release result in substantial mechanical damage to the contacts and the switch compromising the functionality of the switch and reducing its lifetime. Certain effects become more pronounced, such as stiction causing ‘fail-to-open’ malfunctions, resistance increases leading to degraded performance, as well as fracture. To address the issue of the dynamic instability of the switch behaviour this work employs Finite Element Analysis (FEA), linear and nonlinear system identification techniques and optimal control theory to study the dynamic performance of the switch and optimise (soften) its dynamic behaviour by establishing an actuation input voltage that substantially reduces or eliminates the instabilities.
As a kind of behavior-based personal identification techniques, automated Chinese handwriting identification becomes a hot topic in pattern recognition and machine learning research area. There are lots of key issues worthy researching. In this paper, the Chinese handwriting identification technology based on texture analysis is discussed. Firstly, a practical Chinese handwriting image samples library CHSL2007 is established for the comparison of exist algorithms and further research. Then the methods of feature extraction based on texture analysis are explored and the pairwise SVM classifier is utilized. The experiment results of texture analysis based on Gabor filter is compared with DB6 wavelet filter and demonstrate that the former is more suitable for handwriting identification on CHSL2007. Finally, the sheet recognition rate is defined and can be arrived at above 99.50%for CHSL2007.
In this paper we consider different approaches to technological protection of users' privacy in the world of internet of things. Particularly, we consider what kind of problems and which level of protection can be achieved by applying approaches using secure multi-party computations.
This article describes an approach to detecting mental stress using unobtrusive wearable sensors. The approach relies on estimating the state of the autonomic nervous system from an analysis of heart rate variability. Namely, we use a non-linear system identification technique known as principal dynamic modes (PDM) to predict the activation level of the two autonomic branches: sympathetic (i.e. stress-inducing) and parasympathetic (i.e. relaxation-related). We validate the method on a discrimination problem with two psychophysiological conditions, one associated with mental tasks and one induced by relaxation exercises. Our results indicate that PDM features are more stable and less subject-dependent than spectral features, though the latter provide higher classification performance within subjects. When PDM and spectral features are combined, our system discriminates stressful events with a success rate of 83%within subjects (69%between subjects).
Multimodal biometric identification technique utilizes two or more individual modalities to improve the identification accuracy and overcome some problems existing in conventional unimodal methods. This paper presents a multimodal biometric identification approach based on the features of face and palmprint. Two feature extraction methods are employed, one is based on the statistics properties (SP) of the biometric image and the other is the classical two-dimensional principal component analysis (2DPCA). The minimal distance rule (MDR) is adopted for fusion at the matching score level. We compare the results of the multimodality identification with the results of the unimodal face and palmprint identification. The experimental results show that the performance of multimodality outperforms the unimodal identification and the accuracy can reach 100%based on ORL face database and PolyU palmprint database using the fusion rule at the matching score level.
The paper compares three different methods for selection of input/output signals to a multi input multi output wide area controller for the improvement of damping of critical electromechanical modes in the system. The first method is based on the controllability and observability factor analysis. The second method is based on the Sequential Orthogonalization (SO) algorithm. The third and final method combines coherency identification technique with the controllability and observability factor analysis. The methods are illustrated on the New England test system. The effectiveness of the wide area controller, based on input/output signals selected by different methods, in damping critical electromechanical modes in the system is assessed using both, small disturbance and transient stability analysis.
There is an information transmission lag in traditional mode of supply chain management that has impact on the supply chain management efficiency seriously. According to analyzing the practical problems in supply chain information transmission, this paper proposes a supply chain information transmission model based on RFID and internet of things and designs network structure diagram of internet of things in supply chain and information retrieval flow chart. Taking pharmaceutical industry supply chain for example, this paper analyzes the specific application model of internet of things in drugs supply chain and how to realize drugs information retrieval. The model proposed in this paper can solve information asymmetry problem in supply chain effectively, achieve supply chain information transmission network that can help enterprises develop global supply chain management strategy.
There is an information transmission lag in traditional mode of supply chain management that has impact on the supply chain management efficiency seriously. According to analyzing the practical problems in supply chain information transmission, this paper proposes a supply chain information transmission model based on RFID and internet of things and designs network structure diagram of internet of things in supply chain and information retrieval flow chart. Taking pharmaceutical industry supply chain for example, this paper analyzes the specific application model of internet of things in drugs supply chain and how to realize drugs information retrieval. The model proposed in this paper can solve information asymmetry problem in supply chain effectively, achieve supply chain information transmission network that can help enterprises develop global supply chain management strategy.
The measurement of thrust misalignment in rocket motors is described. The dynamics of the thrust stand installation are analyzed using load identification method. The variables influencing the system errors are identified and their influence quantified. The direction of the thrust vector of rocket motor can be resolved over 0.25 ms interval to within 0.7 mrad. The angle of the overall impulse vector can be measured with precision of better than 0.35 mrad.
In this paper we present a novel method for online text-independent writer identification. Most of the existing writer identification techniques require the data to be from a specific text which is not applicable to cases where such text is not available, such as in criminal justice systems when text documents with different content need to be compared. Text-independent approaches often require a large amount of data to be confident of good results. We propose temporal sequence and shape codes to encode online handwriting. Temporal sequence codes (TSC) are to characterize trajectory in speed and pressure change in writing, and shape codes (SC) are to characterize direction of trajectory in writing handwriting. For TSC, we use two different codes to encode speed and pressure to codebook: stroke temporal sequence codes (STSC) and neighbor temporal sequence codes (NTSC). At identification stage, we implement decision and fusion strategy to identify writer. Experimental results show that our proposed method can improve the identification accuracy with a small number of characters. Moreover, we find that the proposed method is even effective for cross-language (English & Chinese) writer identification.
The measurement of thrust misalignment in rocket motors is described. The dynamics of the thrust stand installation are analyzed using load identification method. The variables influencing the system errors are identified and their influence quantified. The direction of the thrust vector of rocket motor can be resolved over 0.25 ms interval to within 0.7 mrad. The angle of the overall impulse vector can be measured with precision of better than 0.35 mrad.
In this paper we present a novel method for online text-independent writer identification. Most of the existing writer identification techniques require the data to be from a specific text which is not applicable to cases where such text is not available, such as in criminal justice systems when text documents with different content need to be compared. Text-independent approaches often require a large amount of data to be confident of good results. We propose temporal sequence and shape codes to encode online handwriting. Temporal sequence codes (TSC) are to characterize trajectory in speed and pressure change in writing, and shape codes (SC) are to characterize direction of trajectory in writing handwriting. For TSC, we use two different codes to encode speed and pressure to codebook: stroke temporal sequence codes (STSC) and neighbor temporal sequence codes (NTSC). At identification stage, we implement decision and fusion strategy to identify writer. Experimental results show that our proposed method can improve the identification accuracy with a small number of characters. Moreover, we find that the proposed method is even effective for cross-language (English & Chinese) writer identification.
In this paper, we first describe a matricial Newton-type algorithm designed to solve the multivariable spectrum approximation problem. We then prove its global convergence. Finally, we apply this approximation procedure to multivariate spectral estimation, and test its effectiveness through simulation. Simulation shows that, in the case of short observation records, this method may provide a valid alternative to standard multivariable identification techniques such as MATLAB's PEM and MATLAB's N4SID.
The mechanical torque of a wind turbine is modeled from a friction phenomenon perspective. Two models for the torque generated are proposed based on a relative speed between the wind and turbine blades. The main advantage of these models is the possibility of using real-time standard identification techniques for recovering their parameters value. Models are compared with a heuristic reference model showing good performance.
The paper compares three different methods for optimal placement of PMUs. The objective of the placement methods is to provide the maximum observability information of the electromechanical modes of interest. The first method is based on the observability factor analysis, the second on the sequential orthogonalization algorithm and the third combines coherency identification technique with the observability factor analysis. The methods are illustrated on the New England test system and assessed by applying a wide-area controller (WAC) for damping electromechanical oscillations in the system. The WAC is designed in each case based on using different PMU placement method. The effectiveness of the controller in damping critical electromechanical modes in the system is assessed using both, small disturbance and transient stability analysis.
Radio frequency identification (RFID) is a powerful automatic remote identification technique that has wide applications. To facilitate RFID deployment, an RFID benchmarking instrument called aGate has been invented to identify the strengths and weaknesses of different RFID technologies in various environments. However, the data acquired by aGate are usually complex time varying multidimensional 3D volumetric data, which are extremely challenging for engineers to analyze. In this paper, we introduce a set of visualization techniques, namely, parallel coordinate plots, orientation plots, a visual history mechanism, and a 3D spatial viewer, to help RFID engineers analyze benchmark data visually and intuitively. With the techniques, we further introduce two workflow procedures (a visual optimization procedure for finding the optimum reader antenna configuration and a visual analysis procedure for comparing the performance and identifying the flaws of RFID devices) for the RFID benchmarking, with focus on the performance analysis of the aGate system. The usefulness and usability of the system are demonstrated in the user evaluation.
The advancement of ubiquitous computing technologies has greatly improved the availability of digital resources in the real world. Here, the authors investigate mobile interaction with tagged, everyday objects and associated information that's based on the Internet of Things and its technologies. Their framework for integrating Web services and mobile interaction with physical objects relies on information typing to increase interoperability. Two prototypes for mobile interaction with smart posters build upon this framework to realize multi-tag interaction with physical user interfaces. The authors' evaluation identifies usability issues regarding the design of physical mobile interactions, interfaces, and applications.
The paper deals with three artistic examples of humanistic transposition of smart technologies that reshape our reality. Computer vision technology redefines the classical notions of space that we enhabit and repostulates Shakespear's verse &#x201C;All the world is a stage.&#x201D; New media objects that simultaneously participate in our everyday life and in the &#x201C;internet of things&#x201D; pose new networked information on the state of their handling. The Forest of Arden, the metaphor used for the new mixed and smart reality, is neither a totality of paradise nor the Arcadia of easy living but a challenge for the scientists, artists and humanists alike. It is a semiotic forest, where the melancholic philosopher Jaques, confronted with people from all classes and with various problems, faces the given notions and tries to make new sense out of them.
In this paper, a new range identification technique for a calibrated paracatadioptric system mounted on a moving platform is developed to recover the range information and the three-dimensional (3D) Euclidean coordinates of a static object feature. The position of the moving platform is assumed to be measurable. To identify the unknown range, first a function of the projected pixel coordinates is related to the unknown 3D Euclidean coordinates of an object feature. This function is nonlinearly parameterized (i.e., the unknown parameters appear nonlinearly in the parameterized model). An adaptive estimator based on a min-max algorithm is then designed to estimate the unknown 3D Euclidean coordinates of an object feature relative to a fixed reference frame which facilitates the identification of range. A Lyapunov-type stability analysis is used to show that the developed estimator provides an estimation of the unknown parameters within a desired precision.
A new method for fast acquisition of head-related impulse responses (HRIRs) for 3D-continuous-azimuth representation of the auditory sphere is presented. While the continuous HRIR representation in the azimuth direction is important for the rendering of moving sources in binaural sound systems, an HRIR discretization in the elevation is more tolerable. Basically, the paper suggests a multi-channel adaptive system identification technique which is eventually suitable for online calculation of HRIRs. In a first step, several discrete elevations of the sphere are equipped with sound sources and a subject of interest is rotated in the center of the sphere during simultaneous reproduction of multi-channel probe noise. On the basis of the simultaneous binaural recording of all sources, the rotating HRIRs are then extracted gradually by the adaptive system identification. This concept overcomes discrete-azimuth HRIR tables and their traditional need for interpolation. While the quality of HRIRs was formerly expressed in terms of the azimuth-spacing of the HRIR, we now feature quasi-infinite resolution.
In recent years, artificial neural networks (ANN) have emerged as a novel identification technique for the forecasting of hydrological time series. However, they represent their knowledge in terms of a weight matrix that is not accessible to human understanding at present. The purpose of this study is to develop a flow prediction method, based on the genetic programming (GP), which is an evolutionary computing method that provides &#x02018;transparent&#x02019; and structured system identification. In terms of statistical characteristic of reservoir inflow sequence data, the autocorrelation function is employed to make certain amount of lagged input variables and the root mean square error is adopted as fitness of evaluation. The GP model is examined using the long-term observations of monthly river flow discharges. Through the comparison of its performance with those of the ANN, it is demonstrated that the GP model is an effective algorithm to forecast the long-term discharges.
The approximation of humanoid robot by an inverted pendulum is one of the most used model to generate a stable motion using a planned Zero Moment Point (ZMP) trajectory. In this paper, we aim at proposing to improve the reliability of this model using system identification techniques. To achieve this goal, we propose an identification method which is the result of the comprehensive application of system identification to dynamic systems. Moreover, we propose a controlling algorithm for the identified model in oder to track a desired trajectory of ZMP. The efficiency of the method is shown using dynamical simulation and conducting real experiments on the humanoid robot HRP-4C.
In this paper and for the first time, the use of multi-band scatterers RCS is proposed for the remote identification of Electromagnetic Transduction based micro-sensors in a wireless sensor network. The potentialities of such technique are described and original multi-band scatterers shapes and configurations are investigated. This work is the first to be reported and brings an original solution for the passive EM transduction based Micro-sensor identification problem.
In this paper, a closed loop Subspace Predictive Control algorithm is developed for Linear Time Invariant (LTI) systems with static nonlinearity at the plant input, i.e. for Hammerstein LTI systems (H-SPC). The elaborated method is a data driven approach combining subspace identification with optimal predictive control. Using the closed loop structure of the subspace identification technique an input-output predictor is derived with the estimated Markov parameters and with the identified static input nonlinearity. Identification makes use of the kernel of the data space by Least Square Support Vector Machinery (LS-SVM). A nominal prediction is then created. The goal of the control is to optimize the associated quadratic performance criteria in a receding horizon fashion. A simulation example is provided that shows the effectiveness of the proposed methodology.
High measured performance does not imply that the true system performance is satisfactory. Indeed, in many systems, these performance variables cannot be measured directly and have to be inferred from the measured variables by using model knowledge. The aim of the present paper is to develop an identification and control design approach that can deal with this situation. Hereto, identification techniques for inferential control, uncertainty structures for robust inferential control, and appropriate control design structures are presented. As a result, a novel coordinate frame is obtained that transparently connects nominal model identification, quantification of model uncertainty, and robust inferential control, thereby enabling high performance robust inferential control.
The objective of this work is the development of predictive controller of heat exchanger and addresses the difficulties in tuning a predictive control, predictive control and state feedback controller is used to regulate the temperature of a heat exchanger. The identification of the heat exchanger is done by using the Step identification technique. Although the PI controller is widely used for these types of applications there is still a need for optimization of conservation of energy, In this paper a model based predictive algorithm is used for controlling a temperature of heat exchanger and the associated difficulties in tuning are analyzed. The transients and steady state results obtained using a predictive control it is observed that the results obtained are excellent compare to state feedback controllers.
Biometric techniques have inherent advantages over traditional personal identification technique. Biometric techniques uses a mechanism to scan and capture a digital or analog image of a living personal characteristic and a matching system to match input biometric image to stored biometric templates. Among various commercially available biometric techniques such as face, fingerprint, Iris etc., fingerprint-based techniques are the most popular recognition system. Fingerprints are imprints or impressions of patterns formed by friction ridges of the skin in the fingers and thumbs. Steganography generally used in smart card is a secure technique for authenticating a person. In steganography biometric characteristic like fingerprint is hidden in an image. At the time of recognition, the individual's characteristics are being measured against hidden characteristic that is stored. Since the amount of information that can be stored by means of steganography is very limited, compression mechanisms are required in order to achieve reasonably small errors when finally checking fingerprints against the encoded templates. To reduce the size of smart card, compression can be applied to fingerprint template in order to make it take up less space. This paper is presenting the minutiae based low cost fingerprint compression technique. In minutiae- based systems, the discontinuities in the regular ridge structure of fingerprint images, called ridge ending, ridge bifurcation, core, cross-over, delta, pore etc., are identified in feature extraction stage. During matching, a similarity value between the features extracted from the template and the input fingerprint images is calculated. This similarity value is used to arrive at an accept/reject decision. We present a new approach based on delta compression for strongly compressing the fingerprint templates.
A frequency-selective averaging approach for modeling and analysis of the single-phase four-quadrant pulse-width modulated converter is presented. The derived model is linear and time-invariant (LTI), so that classical control design techniques can be applied. The method allows for the model to be defined by algorithm so that it can be easily expanded to arbitrary accuracy. The steady state model allows for direct calculation of steady-state values and is valuable in the design process of the converters power circuit. As an example direct calculation of disturbance progressions from the DC-link into the grid current and vice-versa is presented. Application of the linearized small-signal model for transfer function derivation is presented. The mathematical models have been verified using results obtained from simulation and system identification techniques.
First-order plus time-delay (FOPTD) models are extensively used to approximate systems in order to tune PID controllers. Several step response based identification techniques which focus on the time response have been developed. In order to recover a model which matches the time response while capturing the system dynamics around frequencies of interest, a combined time/frequency domain technique was proposed by the authors. The excitation that was used has content around important frequencies. In this paper time and frequency domain identification techniques are applied to an experimental setup.
Grey theory was applied in constructing the model of the estimating nuclear explosion yield, to compensate the practical value of the existing nuclear explosion yield detecting methods and improve the accuracy of the yield estimate value. The methods of state estimation, bad data detection and identification were applied in grey system modeling to get some more reasonable results compared with the conventional estimation methods of the nuclear explosion yield. The proposed methods can be used as data preparation techniques to detect bad data. The modeling accuracy of grey systems is greatly improved by such methods. Based on the grey theory and the processing of plenty nuclear explosion test data available from home and abroad, the result indicated that the new optimal estimation method using the grey theory and bad data detection and identification to estimate the nuclear explosion yield is feasible. Compared with the existing estimation model, the new estimation method can reduce error range, advance precision, offset the deficiencies of the existing means detecting the nuclear explosion yield, and enlarge the practical application value.
Subassembly identification is a key technique in mechanical assembly sequence planning (MASP). Declarative methods for MASP admit highly efficient and understandable problem description. This paper proposes an Answer Set Programming (ASP) based subassembly identification technique, which can be viewed as a part of the declarative solution to MASP. Given the liaison and interference relation of an assembly, all assembly knowledge and necessary constraints are produced automatically. It is shown that the space complexity of our representation method is polynomial. With the answer set solver DLV, feasible subassemblies could be generated. And thanks to the declarativeness of our approach, its representation efficiency and time efficiency can be improved separately.
The basic function of VSCs is to convert the DC voltage stored in a capacitor into AC voltages or AC voltages into DC voltage. One of the advantages of the VSC is that this kind of electronic converters allow to control the active and reactive power flow with an ac-grid independently. This paper presents a short analysis of the characteristics and dynamic of VSC-HVDC, identification techniques to find transfer function to DC Voltage and Reactive Power in a rectifier station are explored, and finally controller design to regulate the DC voltage is exposed and tested by simulations using Matlab Simulink and its toolbox SimpowerSystems.
This paper presents the simulation and assessment of a Model Predictive Control (MPC) for the steam distillation essential oil extraction process. The mathematical model of the plant was obtained beforehand from the system identification technique by using ARX model structure. The model is then applied to the MPC control structure as a predicted model. The objective of the controller design is to keep low overshoot in steam temperature in order to improve the dynamic response of the essential oil extraction process. The conventional feedback controller is good in terms of accuracy and to attain the stability of the controlled variable but it is rather complicated when dealing with the nonlinear characteristic and slow process dynamic. This is an important criterion when we opt for MPC since steam temperature was known to exhibit a very large time delay. The simulation results on both PID and MPC show that the MPC can sustain the steam temperature at required set point efficiently with acceptable value of overshoot and RMSE.
A new identification technique for hole-assisted optical fibre cord is proposed, which is realised by launching visible light into the fibre core and observing the leaked light from a bent fibre, without affecting communication.
In this paper, blind multidimensional matched filtering techniques for Single Input Multiple Output (SIMO) communications are examined. To improve the signal-to-noise ratio prior to the equalization process, three different techniques are proposed to blindly implement the multidimensional matched filtering. Different from the blind channel identification techniques for SIMO channels in the literature, the proposed techniques require neither the implementation inefficient matrix decomposition methods nor the higher-order statistics of the received data. Therefore, they are favorable over existing methods due to their simplicity in application. The matched filter equivalents are established through the use of an adaptive filter as well as the channel equalization being performed blindly. It has been shown that the equalization performance of the proposed methods are close to the matched filter bound, and to support this, a comparison between the matched filter estimation error performances of our proposed techniques is also provided. A short discussion to improve the convergence speed of the proposed approaches is also included in this paper.
Laser interferometry is a well-established technique that is widely used in industrial and laboratory environments to measure displacement, velocity, vibration, and distance. Recently, a new technique based on self-mixing (or feedback) interferometry has been introduced. The operation of this technique is based on a feedback loop controlling the laser pump current. The characterization of the vibrometer shows that the closed-loop performance is frequency dependent in view of the wavelength modulation (WM) dynamics. In this context, this paper addresses the measurement of the frequency response of the WM in a laser diode, for application in a self-mixing interferometer. The WM is derived by the measurement of the interferometric phase, whereas the frequency response is estimated by means of frequency-domain model identification techniques. The estimated frequency response is eventually used to design a frequency compensator for the vibrometer.
Ever-increasing test mode IR-drop results in a significant amount of defect-free chips failing at-speed testing. The lack of a systematic IR-drop failure identification technique engenders a highly increased failure analysis time/cost and significant yield loss. In this paper, we propose a failure-adaptive test scheme that enables a fast differentiation of the IR-drop induced failure from the actual defects of the chip. The proposed technique debugs the failing chips using low IR-drop vectors that are custom-generated from the observed faulty response. Since these special vectors are designed in such a way that all the actual defects captured by the original vectors are still manifestable, their application can clearly pinpoint whether the root cause of failure is IR-drop or not, thus eliminating reliance on an intrusive debugging process that incurs quite a high cost. Such a test scheme further enables effective yield recovery from failing chips by passing the ones validated by the debugging vectors whose IR-drop level matches the functional mode. Experimental results show that the proposed scheme delivers a significant IR-drop reduction in the second test (debugging) phase, thus enabling a highly effective IR-drop failure identification and yield recovery at a slightly increased test cost.
The existence and orientation of risks in a software development life cycle is a fundamental truth despite the effort that we incur in eliminating them. Having known that, risks can be reduced but can't be eliminated completely; gives strength yields the thinking to focus on the avoidance and mitigation in software development. The mitigation and avoidance both: require the risk factors to be identified first before they can be considered for any manipulation. This paper focuses on the identification of suitable methodology to identify risks. Three identification techniques, namely EK, Q and DC have been investigated with the help of a comprehensive questionnaire to identify the suitability level of each identification technique.
Rootkits refer to software that is used to hide the presence and activity of malware and permit an attacker to take control of a computer system. In our previous work, we focused strictly on identifying rootkits that use inline function hooking techniques to remain hidden. In this paper, we extend our previous work by including rootkits that use other types of hooking techniques, such as those that hook the IATs &#40;Import Address Tables&#41; and SSDTs &#40;System Service Descriptor Tables&#41;. Unlike other malware identification techniques, our approach involved conducting dynamic analyses of various rootkits and then determining the family of each rootkit based on the hooks that had been created on the system. We demonstrated the effectiveness of this approach by first using the CLOPE &#40;Clustering with sLOPE&#41; algorithm to cluster a sample of rootkits into several families; next, the ID3 &#40;Iterative Dichotomiser 3&#41; algorithm was utilized to generate a decision tree for identifying the rootkit that had infected a machine.
In recent years, electronic information industry has been developed rapidly. Many companies in the industry have been listed on the security market in China. They are very popular in the stock market and have achieved excellent performance, as well as value returns to the shareholders. Some of them have &#x201C;internet of things&#x201D; concept, and some of them have &#x201C;3G&#x201D; concept. Even four of them occupy both of the two concepts. Under current circumstance in China's knowledge economy, structure of economy is necessary to transform, so there are many opportunities for the information industry, especially for the companies with the above two concepts. Thus, the efficiency evaluation on the performance of such companies is very important. This paper utilizes AHP (Analytical Hierarchy Process) and DEA (Data Envelopment Analysis) model to evaluate the four listed companies by selecting some financial indicators of them.
This paper puts forward a adaptive inverse saleh function predistorter based on direct learning architecture according to the feature of saleh model to compensate for the nonlinearity of Power Amplifiers (PA). In this paper, we focus directly on a particular PA model and building a corresponding predistorter, After approximating the nonlinear static part by the four parameters function, Memoryless inverse saleh function model are adopted according to the saleh model. its parameters are estimated by using the intelligent algorithm. The identification technique of the predistortion is easy . It is proved to be correct through Matlab simulation.
We present a novel language identification technique using our recently developed deep-structured conditional random fields (CRFs). The deep-structured CRF is a multi-layer CRF model in which each higher layer's input observation sequence consists of the lower layer's observation sequence and the resulting lower layer's frame-level marginal probabilities. In this paper we extend the original deep-structured CRF by allowing for distinct state representations at different layers and demonstrate its benefits. We propose an unsupervised algorithm to pre-train the intermediate layers by casting it as a multi-objective programming problem that is aimed at minimizing the average frame-level conditional entropy while maximizing the state occupation entropy. Empirical evaluation on a seven-language/dialect voice mail routing task showed that our approach can achieve a routing accuracy (RA) of 86.4%and average equal error rate (EER) of 6.6%. These results are significantly better than the 82.5%RA and 7.5%average EER obtained using the Gaussian mixture model trained with the maximum mutual information criterion but slightly worse than the 87.7%RA and 6.4%EER achieved using the support vector machine with model pushing on the Gaussian super vector (GSV).
In this paper, a novel sensor fault detection and identification technique based on kernel principal component analysis (KPCA) and its fast data reconstruction is presented. Although it has been proved that KPCA shows a better performance for sensor fault detection, the fault identification method has rarely been developed. Using the fast data reconstruction based on distance constraint, we employ the residuals of variables to identify the faulty sensor. Since the proposed method does not include iterative calculation, it has a lower calculation burden and is more suitable for online application. The simulation results show that the proposed method effectively identifies the source of typical sensor faults.
Based on the deep analysis of IM texts, files and audio protocol characteristics, an instant messenger monitoring system is designed and implemented. By means of capture techniques of network data packets, protocol characteristic identification techniques based on regular expression, and storage strategy for transfer files, the presented monitoring system can monitor texts, transfer files and audio data of many instant messenger tools, such as MSN, ICQ and QQ. At the same time, the problem raised by version upgrade of IM software is resolved by means of adding new rules based on protocol characteristics.
Biometric recognition refers to the automatic recognition of individuals based on their physiological or behavioral characteristics. This paper presents a new biometric identification technique based on heart sounds. It is a signal of benefits recognition by analyzing the basic characteristics of heart sound. For first heart sound signal s1, secondly heart sound signal s2, their characteristic parameters are extracted by the independent sub-function and wavelet transform. And the heart sound cycle &#x2014; power &#x2014; frequency drawing (CPFD) is used to achieve identity recognition of single channel heart sound signal. The data of multi-feature extraction was processed based on the data layer fusion and improved D-S information fusion method. The results of practical experiments show the effectiveness of the heart sound identification technology which has a promising future.
Digital City is an integral part of Digital Earth, in this paper, we studied the problems of China's urban development has practical significance. In this article, we believe that to develop a wisdom digital city unified information platform is an effective way to improve the scientific planning, high level and efficient management of the urban development process; China has conditions and strength to issue an &#x201C;intelligent&#x201D; digital city unified information platform from industry background, technical background, information security and human resource reserve; China's urban construction and management became wisdom with the help of the development of sensor networks and IOT(internet of things); and we put forward of the Digital City Unified Information Platform development Mechanism in China: To establish an IOT Technology, RFID Technology, GIS Technology and Information Security Technology and develop a Digital City unified information platform mechanism which has independent intellectual property rights to make China's urban management be more scientific and efficient.
In this paper an effective unsupervised statistical identification technique for nonstationary nonlinear systems is presented. This technique extracts from the system outputs the multivariate relationships of the system natural modes, by means of the separation property of the Karhunen-Lo&#x00E8;ve transform (KLT). Then, it applies a Self-Organizing Map (SOM) to the KLT output vectors in order to give an optimal representation of data. Finally, it exploits an optimized Expectation Maximization (EM) algorithm to find the optimal parameters of a Gaussian mixture model. The resulting statistical system identification is thus based on the estimation of the multivariate probability density function (PDF) of system outputs, whose convergence towards that computed by kernel estimation has also been proved by verifying the asymptotically vanishing of Kullback-Leibler divergences. A large number of simulations on ECG signals demonstrated the validity and the excellent performance of this technique along with its applicability to noninvasive diagnosis of a large class of medical pathologies originated by unknown, unpractical to measure, physiological factors.
Recursive identification techniques are used to estimate predictions for the human glucose-insulin subsystem. By replacing a constant gain with a physiologically inspired adaptation rule and adding as additional inputs the two variables ingested meal and administered insulin&#x2014;which have the highest impact on the glucose concentration&#x2014;the overall performance of a 45 min glucose prediction could be increased compared to standard identification and prediction methods. The results were analyzed from a system theoretical, and also from a clinical point of view using the CG-EGA.
In many realistic applications, process noise is known to be neither white nor normally distributed. When identifying models in these cases, it may be more effective to minimize a different penalty function than the standard sum of squared errors (as in a least-squares identification method). This paper investigates model identification based on two different penalty functions: the 1-norm of the prediction errors and a Huber-type penalty function. For data characteristic of some realistic applications, model identification based on these latter two penalty functions is shown to result in more accurate estimates of parameters than the standard least-squares solution, and more accurate model predictions for test data. The identification techniques are demonstrated on a simple toy problem as well as a physiological model of type 1 diabetes.
Biodiesel as a renewable alternative fuel for petroleum based diesel fuel produces lower emissions of all types (CO, HC &#x2026;) except Nitrogen Oxides (NO<inf>x</inf>) when compared to the petroleum diesel fuel. Reducing Nitrogen Oxides produced from engines running on biodiesel is a challenging task to be able to meet the emission requirements. Knowledge of fuel blend could be very helpful for control and adaptation purposes to tune the engine control system parameters leading to lower NO<inf>x</inf> emission and improved engine performance. Biodiesel can be used in different blends with conventional diesel and estimating the percentage of the biodiesel fuel has become a new area of research in the past few years. Biomass content estimation based on fuel injection rate per engine cycle and the produced power from the engine is presented in this paper to fulfill this goal. The proposed method employs information about the produced power from a brake torque estimation algorithm and injected fuel from engine control unit (ECU). The designed estimator is tuned using the data collected from a developed engine model. Orthogonal Least Squares and Neural Network are the two system identification techniques used in this paper. The estimation results from the two identification methods are compared and illustrate that the designed estimator is accurate in both cases.
This paper presents an identification technique to consistently identify two-dimensional (2-D) systems with additive output noise in transfer function representation. The method is an extension of a one-dimensional instrumental variable (IV) method to two-dimensional systems. In this paper we consider a general two-dimensional (2-D) systems, which may be separable or non-separable, causal, semi-causal (spatially interconnected systems) or non-causal. Furthermore the algorithm can handle boundary conditions. The effectiveness of the method is shown with application to simulation examples.
This paper proposes a syntactic method of system identification in dynamical systems. The underlying concept involves abstraction of a qualitative description of the dynamical system by state-space embedding of the output data-stream and discretization of the resultant pseudo-state and input spaces. The task of system identification is achieved through grammatical inference techniques, and the deviation of the plant output from the nominal estimated language generates a measure of anomaly in the system. This system identification technique has been experimentally validated for detection of anomalous behavior on a laboratory apparatus of a permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM) undergoing gradual demagnetization.
This paper presents a system identification technique for generating stable compact models of typical analog circuit blocks in radio frequency systems. The identification procedure is based on minimizing the model error over a given training data set subject to an incremental stability constraint, which is formulated as a semidefinite optimization problem. Numerical results are presented for several analog circuits, including a distributed power amplifier, as well as a MEM device. It is also shown that our dynamical models can accurately predict important circuit performance metrics, and may thus, be useful for design optimization of analog systems.
In road transport domain, the use of state dynamics observation/estimation and parametric identification techniques are necessary for control diagnosis. Unfortunately, the use of different methods of observations/estimation and parametric identification is not without risk. This risk can be observed in term of accumulation of errors which can be considerable and more still, on the level of the total stability of the system. This article presents an original method allowing the observation/estimation of sates dynamics and parametric identification. This method is based on the approach of the High order sliding modes, with the application of the super-twisting algorithm and tested on a articulated heavy vehicle model.
This paper gives an overview on recent radio frequency local positioning and identification techniques applied in steel production and processing. It is shown that it is required to combine different radio technologies in order to track and trace the goods involved in the manufacturing processes reliably and continuously. In addition the applied components must be carefully adapted to the given application area. The presented RF technologies are key components for the future internet of things and the presented applications illustrate both, the huge potential as well as the challenges involved with applying modern radio systems in harsh manufacturing processes.
This paper introduces two torque ripple suppression control methods for permanent magnet synchronous motor. With a system identification technique, the system model from compensating current input to torque detection output can be expressed as the speed-adjustable 1-dimension complex vector in the coordinate system synchronizing with the torque ripple frequency. The first method introduces a periodic learning I-P control system of compensating current to create the feed-forward compensation tables. The second introduces a speed-adjustable periodic disturbance observer which can improve the transient suppression characteristics. Both methods are suitable for the adjustable-speed drive, so the control parameters and reference model can be adjusted automatically. The most important thing is with these methods excellent performance for mechanical resonance suppression caused by torque ripples can be gotten. And this paper shows the analysis and experimental results to support the methods.
The internet of things is composed of many exiting technologies and is applied in many domains, it can be considered as a new technological revolution. Application of IOT brings a higher efficiency, more convenient and safe life to us and emerging industries come into being by the new functions. The issues of urban development need some new technologies, new ideas and new conceptions, such as IOT, to solve it. Through IOT, the location, status parameters, attribute parameter of underground pipelines can be got in long-distance and be dealt with automatically. In this process, some new technical standards of IOT should be established and the security of system of IOT and data transfer should be pay great attention.
The next generation internet will be the internet of things (and not just of computing devices like PCs, PDAs); this is presumed to be enabled by integrating simple computing plus communications capabilities into common objects of everyday use. Radio-frequency identification (RFID) is a compelling technology for creation of such pervasive sensor networks due to its potential for ubiquitous, low-cost/low-maintenance use. However, the current drivers for RFID deployment emphasize supply chain management using passive tags, implying that RFID sensor nets require advances beyond the components and system designs aimed at supply chain applications. This work provides a glimpse of how this may be achieved.
Radio-frequency identification (RFID) has a great number of unfulfilled prospects. Part of the problem until now has been the value proposition behind the technology-it has been marketed as a replacement technique for the barcode when the reality is that it has far greater capability than simply non-line-of-sight identification, towards decision making in strategic management and reengineered business processes. The vision of the internet of things (IOT) has not eventuated but a world in which every object you can see around you carries the possibility of being connected to the internet is still within the realm of possibility. However incremental innovations may see RFID being sold as a service (much like photocopiers are maintained today) than a suite of technologies within a system that are sold as individual or bundled packaged components. This paper outlines the vision for such a product service system, what kinds of smart applications we are likely to see in the future as a result, and the importance of data management capabilities in planetary-scale systems.
Recycling of Automotive products is an effective strategy and a necessary choice for promoting sustainability in the automotive industry. The recycling information, such as end-of-life (EoL) information, dismantling information, material information, disposal information of toxic and harmful substances and residual life information, etc, are important for the producers, dismantlers and government, etc. The internet of things and Radio Frequency Identification Devices (RFID) technology could be used to enhance the lifecycle information management. First, this paper points out the importance and current development of automotive recycling industry in china, introduces the internet of things and RFID technology and their applications, and then it gives the information that needed in the automotive recycling stage, systematically analyzes the lifecycle information management system and information flow at the beginning, middle and EoL stages based on the internet of things and RFID technology. Finally, it ends with the conclusion and next work in the future.
In order to strengthen the security guarantee and improve the scientific management level of important equipments, the intelligent internet of things for equipment maintenance (IITEM) was presented in this paper. IITEM collects the static and dynamic information of electrical and mechanical equipments by all kinds of sensors, and standardizes various types of information, so as to suit the information transmission needs of the Internet of Things. According to the characteristics of mechanical and electrical equipment, IITEM makes intelligent processing of device information, including establishment of signal sample database and knowledge base, extraction of running status feature of complex equipment, state analysis, model building, fault diagnosis, fault prediction, etc. Centering on the functional objectives of IITEM, the demonstration project of IITEM was designed. It could realize online safety monitoring, fault prediction and comprehensive protection of key equipment groups, avoid economic losses and casualties, extend equipment maintenance cycle, and promote establishment of coding system, standards and norms related to the intelligent internet of things for equipment maintenance, which should be suitable for the Chinese Internet of Things.
The objective of this study is to demonstrate the effectiveness of model predictive control (MPC) in reducing the energy and demand costs for buildings in an electricity grid with time-of-use pricing and demand charges. A virtual model for a single floor, multi-zone commercial building equipped with a variable air volume (VAV) cooling system is built by Energyplus. Real-time data exchange between Energyplus and Matlab controller is realized by introducing the building controls virtual test bed (BCVTB) as a middleware. System identification technique is implemented to obtain the zone temperature and power model, which are to be used in the MPC framework. MPC with an economic objective function is formulated as a linear programming problem and solved. Pre-cooling effect during off-peak period and autonomous cooling discharging from the building thermal mass during on-peak period can be observed in a continuous weekly simulation. Cost savings brought by MPC are given by comparing with the baseline and other pre-programmed control strategies.
Face recognition technology has evolved as a popular identification technique to perform verification of human identity. By using the feature extraction methods and dimensionality reduction techniques in the pattern recognition applications, a number of facial recognition systems has been produced with distinct measure of success. Various face recognition algorithms and their extensions, have been proposed in the past three decades. However, face recognition faces challenging problems in real life applications because of the variation in the illumination of the face images. In the recent years, the research is focused towards Illumination-invariant face recognition system and many approaches have been proposed. But, there are several issues in face recognition across illumination variation which still remains unsolved. This paper provides a research on an efficient illumination-invariant face recognition system using Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) and Principal Component Analysis (PCA). For processing the illumination invariant image, low frequency components of DCT are used to normalize the illuminated image, odd and even components of DCT is used for compensation in illumination variation and PCA is used for recognition of face images. The existing approaches in illumination Invariant face recognition are comprehensively reviewed and discussed. The proposed approach is validated with Yale Face Database B. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of this approach in the performance of face recognition.
Hydraulic systems are widely used in industrial applications. This is due to its high speed of response with fast start, stop and speed reversal possible. The torque to inertia ratio is also large with resulting high acceleration capability. The nonlinear properties of hydraulic cylinder make the position tracking control design challenging. This paper presents the development and implementation of self-tuning fuzzy PID controller in controlling the position variation of electro-hydraulic actuator. The hydraulic system mathematical model is approximated using system identification technique. The simulation studies were done using Matlab Simulink environment. The output performance was compared with the design using pole-placement controller. The roots mean squared error for both techniques showed that self-tuning Fuzzy PID produced better result compared to using pole-placement controller.
In this paper, measurements of dielectric properties of fluid-saturated cortical and trabecular bovine bones are presented. Results are reported for native and demineralized states from 80 MHz to 1 GHz. A non invasive technique using open-ended coaxial lines is proposed, and compared to invasive configurations. Measurements are performed in time domain and data are processed using system identification techniques in continuous and discrete domains. These are very interesting tools for signal processing when working with time domain spectroscopy data. As a validation test for the system identification technique, data are also obtained in the frequency domain. A clear evidence of relaxation processes around 0.2 to 0.4GHz is shown, which may be due to the movement of polar side chains of the collagen fibers. A strong difference between the dielectric properties of native and demineralized bones was found. The experiments here reported aim to contribute to a more in-depth knowledge of the relaxation processes due to the fully hydrated collagen matrix and its relation to the mineralized phase.
This paper presents a hot/cold data identification technique for NAND flash storage systems. The proposed technique uses both compression ratio and sector size of requested data as identification criteria. In order to avoid high overhead due to compression process, the technique determines compression ratio using a fraction of data. The experimental results show that this technique contributes to effectively identify hot data and when used in buffer management to increase the hit rate effectively.
This paper studies the load reduction potential of a prototyped 鈥渟mart鈥?rotor. This is, a rotor where the blades are equipped with a number of control devices that locally change the lift profile on the blade, combined with appropriate sensors and controllers. Experimental models, using dedicated system identification techniques, are developed of a scaled rotating two-bladed 鈥渟mart鈥?rotor of which each blade is equipped with trailing-edge flaps and strain sensors. A feedback controller based on ${cal H}_infty$-loop shaping combined with a fixed-structure feedforward control are designed that minimizes the root bending moment in the flapping direction of the two blades. We evaluated the performance using a number of different realistic load scenarios. We show that with appropriate control techniques the variance of the load signals can be reduced up to 90%.
An efficient timing mismatch identification technique based on phase extraction for M-channel time-interleaved analogue-to-digital converters is presented. Identification using a test tone with frequency up to the system Nyquist band in a reduced frequency domain computation is described. It is demonstrated that the proposed technique is computationally efficient and can accurately estimate timing mismatch errors.
The contribution of this paper is the application of subspace system identification techniques, to derive a low-order black-box state-space model of a power system with many controllable devices using global signals. This model is a multiinput, multioutput open system model describing the power oscillatory behavior of the power system. The input signals are the controllable setpoints of the controllable devices, the output signals are the speed of selected generators measured by a wide-area measurement system. This paper describes how to achieve and preprocess the data to use subspace techniques to estimate and validate to finally assign an accurate model. This new approach can be used directly to design a central coordinating controller for all of the relevant controllable devices, with the aim to increase the damping of the modes in the system. Previously presented methods use local measurements or output signals dependent on the actual operational point. The benefit of the presented method is that the used output signals are independent of the system state. This makes it possible to use state-feedback control to combine the controllable devices to coordinately damp the modes. The presented method is applied in the CIGR茅 Nordic 32-bus system including two HVDC links. The case study demonstrates that accurate low-order state-space models can be estimated and validated by using the described method to accurately model the system's power oscillatory behavior.
In order to strengthen the security guarantee and improve the scientific management level of important equipments, the intelligent internet of things for equipment maintenance (IITEM) was presented in this paper. IITEM collects the static and dynamic information of electrical and mechanical equipments by all kinds of sensors, and standardizes various types of information, so as to suit the information transmission needs of the Internet of Things. According to the characteristics of mechanical and electrical equipment, IITEM makes intelligent processing of device information, including establishment of signal sample database and knowledge base, extraction of running status feature of complex equipment, state analysis, model building, fault diagnosis, fault prediction, etc. Centering on the functional objectives of IITEM, the demonstration project of IITEM was designed. It could realize online safety monitoring, fault prediction and comprehensive protection of key equipment groups, avoid economic losses and casualties, extend equipment maintenance cycle, and promote establishment of coding system, standards and norms related to the intelligent internet of things for equipment maintenance, which should be suitable for the Chinese Internet of Things.
The objective of this study is to demonstrate the effectiveness of model predictive control (MPC) in reducing the energy and demand costs for buildings in an electricity grid with time-of-use pricing and demand charges. A virtual model for a single floor, multi-zone commercial building equipped with a variable air volume (VAV) cooling system is built by Energyplus. Real-time data exchange between Energyplus and Matlab controller is realized by introducing the building controls virtual test bed (BCVTB) as a middleware. System identification technique is implemented to obtain the zone temperature and power model, which are to be used in the MPC framework. MPC with an economic objective function is formulated as a linear programming problem and solved. Pre-cooling effect during off-peak period and autonomous cooling discharging from the building thermal mass during on-peak period can be observed in a continuous weekly simulation. Cost savings brought by MPC are given by comparing with the baseline and other pre-programmed control strategies.
Face recognition technology has evolved as a popular identification technique to perform verification of human identity. By using the feature extraction methods and dimensionality reduction techniques in the pattern recognition applications, a number of facial recognition systems has been produced with distinct measure of success. Various face recognition algorithms and their extensions, have been proposed in the past three decades. However, face recognition faces challenging problems in real life applications because of the variation in the illumination of the face images. In the recent years, the research is focused towards Illumination-invariant face recognition system and many approaches have been proposed. But, there are several issues in face recognition across illumination variation which still remains unsolved. This paper provides a research on an efficient illumination-invariant face recognition system using Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) and Principal Component Analysis (PCA). For processing the illumination invariant image, low frequency components of DCT are used to normalize the illuminated image, odd and even components of DCT is used for compensation in illumination variation and PCA is used for recognition of face images. The existing approaches in illumination Invariant face recognition are comprehensively reviewed and discussed. The proposed approach is validated with Yale Face Database B. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of this approach in the performance of face recognition.
Hydraulic systems are widely used in industrial applications. This is due to its high speed of response with fast start, stop and speed reversal possible. The torque to inertia ratio is also large with resulting high acceleration capability. The nonlinear properties of hydraulic cylinder make the position tracking control design challenging. This paper presents the development and implementation of self-tuning fuzzy PID controller in controlling the position variation of electro-hydraulic actuator. The hydraulic system mathematical model is approximated using system identification technique. The simulation studies were done using Matlab Simulink environment. The output performance was compared with the design using pole-placement controller. The roots mean squared error for both techniques showed that self-tuning Fuzzy PID produced better result compared to using pole-placement controller.
After the respective signal characteristics of the telecommunications network, CATV network, internet, power grid and internet of things when transmitted by metal wire as well as existing problems when the signals are integrated are analysed, restricted factors of high-frequency signal transmission is discussed. Then molecular wires to solve the skin effect and electromagnetic interference is proposed in order to achieve broadband transmission of different type signals. With the help of the experiment transmitting five kinds of signals respectively by molecular wires, result of the test shows that it is feasible to use molecular wires as the signal transmission carrier for five networks amalgamation. In addition, distribution of the five signal frequency spectrum is allocated and the suggestions on the position of access point for five networks amalgamation is put forward.
Internet of things technology used in medical information is adopt in this paper. Firstly the structure feature of internet of things technology is researched. Then analyzing the development of EPC System Network, especially Internet of things technology applied in medical information. Therefore the remote consultation System based on internet of things is adopted, it is helpful to solve the area and time of the consultation system, furthermore the visiting rate for conventional patients is increasing, then the patient will be diagnosis and treatment immediately to avoiding the grew worth, therefore the present situation of medical resources is improved by this method.
On the complex networks formed by the Internet of things of network nodes, information transmission between network nodes is the subject of things in a new research direction. This paper focuses on the complex network of information dissemination mechanism, through the use of the Internet routing table information simulation model of the internet of things network topology. By analysis transmission of the virus according to biological mechanisms and transmission dynamics of small world network, it's indicates that information dissemination in accordance with the node degree distribution is optimal efficiency.
This study is concerned with the development of a new data-driven adaptive model-based predictive controller (MBPC) with input constraints. The proposed methods employ subspace identification technique and a singular value decomposition (SVD)-based optimisation strategy to formulate the control algorithm and incorporate the input constraints. Both direct adaptive model-based predictive controller (DAMBPC) and indirect adaptive model-based predictive controller (IAMBPC) are considered. In DAMBPC, the direct identification of controller parameters is desired to reduce the design effort and computational load while the IAMBPC involves a two-stage process of model identification and controller design. The former method only requires a single QR decomposition for obtaining the controller parameters and uses a receding horizon approach to process input/output data for the identification. A suboptimal SVD-based optimisation technique is proposed to incorporate the input constraints. The proposed techniques are implemented and tested on a fourth order nonlinear model of a wastewater system. Simulation results are presented to compare the direct and indirect adaptive methods and to demonstrate the performance of the proposed algorithms.
Modal parameter identification is an important content for the research on dynamic behavior of civil engineering structures. For the conventional modal parameter identification techniques, excitation signal and response signal are necessary. But excitations can not be measured for structures under natural loading conditions, or excited by random forces. So, the operational modal parameter identification approaches are developing to identify structural modal parameters by using vibration response signal directly. In this paper, a new method for modal parameter identification depending on ambient excitation response signal is proposed based on independent component analysis (ICA). For modal coordinates independent of each other, ICA can extract modal coordinates of structure and estimate mode shape matrix using vibration response signal directly. The free vibration responses can be obtained by random decrement technique (RDT) from modal coordinates which are random processes, and then the natural frequencies and damping ratios are calculated by Hilbert transform. Numerical simulation results indicate that this method is effective and suitable for output-only structural modal parameter identification.
The surface electromyogram (EMG) from biceps/triceps muscles of 33 subjects was related to elbow torque, contrasting EMG amplitude (EMG蟽) estimation processors, linear/non-linear model structures and system identification techniques. EMG-torque performance was improved by: advanced (i.e., whitened, multiple-channel) EMG蟽 processors; longer duration training sets (52 s vs. 26 s); and determination of model parameters via the use of the pseudo-inverse and ridge regression methods. Best performance provided an error of 4.65%maximum voluntary contraction (MVC) flexion.
Modelling of real physical systems having long memory transients and infinite dimensional structures using fractional-order dynamic models has significantly attracted interest over the last few years. For this reason, many identification techniques both in the frequency domain and time domain have been developed to model these fractional-order systems. However, in many processes time delays are also present and estimation of time delays along with continuous-time fractional-order model parameters have not been addressed anywhere. This study deals with the continuous-time model identification of fractional-order system models with time delays. In this study, a new linear filter is introduced for simultaneous estimation of all model parameters for commensurate fractional-order system models with time delays. The proposed method simultaneously estimates time delays along with other model parameters in an iterative manner by solving simple linear regression equations. For the case when the fractional order is unknown, we also propose a nested loop optimisation method where the time delay along with other model parameters are estimated iteratively in the inner loop and the fractional order is estimated in the non-linear outer loop. The applicability of the developed procedure is demonstrated by simulations on a fractional-order system model by doing Monte Carlo simulation analysis in the presence of white noise. The proposed algorithm has also been applied to identify a process of thermal diffusion in a wall in simulation, which are characterised by fractional-order behaviour.
To improve irrigation water use efficiency, reduce cost of irrigation water, this paper discussed the design of wireless sensor network and Internet technology of farmland automatic irrigation control method. Emphasis on an analysis of the routing protocol of sensor network nodes to achieve the system hardware and software design,middleware, and applications such as mobile phone or wireless PDA of internet of things, will constitute a variety of sensors intelligent network, thus enhancing the overall automation system and monitoring levels. The final analysis of the network in the Internet based on the agricultural plants of farmland water-saving irrigation system integrated approach. User use mobile phones or wireless PDA can easily soil moisture content of online monitoring and control to realize the irrigation automation. Application results show that system through the embedded control technology complete intelligent irrigation, improve the agricultural irrigation water use efficiency and irrigation system automatization is generally low status, can well realize water saving.
An important challenge for supporting multimedia applications in the Internet of Things is the security heterogeneity of wired and wireless sensor and actuator networks. In this work, we design a new and efficient media-aware security framework for facilitating various multimedia applications in the Internet of Things. First, we present a novel multimedia traffic classification and analysis method for handling the heterogeneity of diverse applications. Then a media-aware traffic security architecture is proposed based on the given traffic classification to enable various multimedia services being available anywhere and anytime. Furthermore, we provide a design rule and strategy to achieve a good trade-off between a system驴s flexibility and efficiency. To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first to provide general media-aware security architecture by jointly considering the characteristics of multimedia traffic, security service, and the Internet of Things.
In this paper, the core temperature of a 540 MWe Pressurized Heavy Water Reactor (PHWR) has been estimated from the measured temperature of the coolant using system identification techniques. The formulation is done considering fractional order (FO) dynamics for the sensor noise (i.e. 1/f伪 noise) and the conventional white noise in measurement. Performance study with different least square based linear estimators and nonlinear AutoRegressive eXogenous (ARX) and nonlinear Hammerstein-Wiener class of estimators for system identification has been done to show their relative merits to handle fractional order noise dynamics for estimating reactor core temperature.
The industry of internet of things in Panzhihua has way of chance in future development, it may be a new growth pole in economics, the urbanization has given advantages and made the internet of things as power for economic progress. The wants about the internet of things are from economic basic aspects and society activities, so that the internet of things should be regard as new power of economic progress, and must play important economical role as a basic industry. This paper gives advices about development of in Panzhihua.
A new round of post-crisis era of global economic development urgent need for new drivers, countries around the world hope to achieve the technological revolution rebalancing of global economic development. The Internet of Things is the computer, the internet and mobile communication after a new information technology revolution, is the future competition in the field of information industry and industrial upgrading of the commanding heights of the core driving force and the quickened pace of industrialization and other information to the catalyst. The Internet of Things industrial development in Zhejiang Province has a good foundation, speed up the industrial development in Zhejiang Province, to The Internet of Things industrial structure optimization and industrial competitiveness in Zhejiang province has the extremely vital significance.
This article begins with the brief introduction on the Internet of Things and Business Process Reengineering, by indicating that it is a general trend for reengineering the logistics business processes to improve the efficiency of logistics operations and obtain more the third profit source. A suggestion of introducing 鈥楾he internet of things鈥?technology to achieve the business process reengineering is then proposed, its detailed applications in the related steps are also described in the meanwhile. Lastly, the paper makes the recommendations for configuring a new-type logistics business processes by applying the internet of things technology based on the supplying chain perspective.
The Internet of Things (IoT) is the third wave of IT revolution after the computer revolution and the Internet revolution. This paper discusses the current development of IoT and its related technologies and applications, focusing on the security of the IoT. We propose a four-level security index system based on the three-level architecture of the IoT. FAHP method is used to evaluate the various indicators and to find the key indicators as the key to the IoT security development. We also offer some recommendations on IoT development at the end.
It is very important to exchange and share the unified information for the numerous participants in food supply chain because of the market uncertainty and the high Logistics requirement. On the basis of introducing the connotation and the work flow of the internet of things (IOT), the paper analyzed the effect of IOT in each link of the food supply chain. It is showed that the real-time, accurate information sharing which realize the intelligent recognition, location, tracking, monitoring and management for food can improve the efficiency of food supply chain and the degree of food safety. The national industrial policy and the laws and regulations should support IOT because the development of it needs not only technology, but also the integration of each related industry.
A practical embedded system identification approach and a frequency-domain vibration suppression control technique are developed in this study for the flexible beam driven by a permanent-magnet synchronous motor (PMSM). The embedded system identification technique efficiently identifies the resonant frequency in velocity and position loops, separately, and the notch filter can be designed and to be integrated into to DSP-based PMSM driver. Experimental results show that the vibration is significantly reduced to 45%in the settling time.
The development of next generation of industrial control to meet business requirement and elegantly utilize the latest information technologies has been a challenge and opportunity to industrial control community in coming decades. The purposes of this presentation are to provide an analytical review of the recent trends of future industrial controls, and then to investigate the potential applications of internet of things, sensor network and the concept of smart planet in building an enterprise-wide industrial control systems with integration of control, computer, communication and network technologies. Finally, a number of open R&D problems are proposed in the section of concluding remarks.
Electro-pneumatic valve actuators are used to eliminate the cam shafts of a traditional internal combustion engine. They are used to control the opening timing, duration, and lift of both intake and exhaust valves. In order to develop model-based control strategies, a control oriented model was developed by piecewisely linearizing the physics-based nonlinear system model. In this paper, an adaptive valve lift control strategy was developed to improve the intake valve lift repeatability. The model reference adaptive system identification technique was employed to estimate system parameters needed for generating feedforward control signals for the closed-loop control scheme. The closed-loop lift control strategies, along with the model reference feedforward control, were developed and implemented in a prototype controller, and validated on a valve test bench with multiple reference valve lifts at both 1200 and 5000 r/min engine speeds. The experiment results showed that the actual valve lift reached the reference lift within 0.5 mm of lift error in one cycle at 1200 r/min and in two cycles at 5000 r/min. The maximum steady-state lift errors were less than 0.4 mm at high valve lift and less than 1.3 mm at low valve lift. Furthermore, the closed-loop valve lift control improved valve lift repeatability with more than 30%reduction of standard deviation over the open-loop control.
This study presents a new scheme for the identification of minimum-phase autoregressive moving average (ARMA) systems from noise-corrupted observations. From the autocorrelation function (ACF) of the observed data, exploiting the characteristics of the zero lag, the authors develop a set of equations containing the lower lags of the ACF and solve the corresponding quadratic eigenvalue problem in order to estimate simultaneously the AR parameters and the observation noise variance. In the proposed identification technique, both the white noise and the periodic impulse-train excitations are considered for the purpose of practical applications. In order to estimate the MA parameters, first, a residual signal is obtained by filtering the noisy observations via the estimated AR parameters. A noise-subtraction algorithm is proposed utilising the estimated noise variance and the AR parameters to reduce the effect of noise from the ACF of the residual signal. The MA parameters are then estimated by using the spectral factorisation corresponding to the noise-compensated ACF of the residual signal. In order to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method, extensive experimentations are performed considering synthetic ARMA systems of different orders in the presence of noise and results are compared with those of some of the existing methods. Computer simulations demonstrate a superior identification results in terms of estimation accuracy and consistency even under heavy noisy conditions. Simulation results are also provided for the identification of a human vocal-tract system using natural speech signals showing a superior performance of the proposed technique in terms of the power spectral density of the synthesised speech signal.
The internet of things (IoT) is a network to realize interconnects between almost any object and web services. It can be applied in many domains, such as radio frequency identification (RFID), wireless sensor network(WSN) and so on. The application of IoT brings us the higher efficiency and the more convenient life. In this paper, we propose a new IoT application framework to search the optimal routes for the ambulances with taking into account the effects for the traffic in the ambulance running time. In this system, with the help of the RFID tags in the ambulances and wireless sensor nodes on the roads, the dispatch control center in the hospital can collect the real-time traffic conditions where wireless sensor nodes locates. The report messages are sent to the control center by the multi-hop method. Based on the information coming from sensor nodes, the control center forecasts the optical path to provide the fastest route for the ambulances. In this decision process, the control center will ignore some information from the nodes, which have higher traffic jam than the average. Experimental results show that our system can provide the best route to the ambulances. And it also has the more potential applications in wide areas.
This paper provides a model for internet of things (IoT) establishment. Today and for the coming decades we see rising interest in interconnecting `Things' as we did in the past two decades when we interconnected PCs and servers to build the called Internet. Smart things interconnection is more general and complex due to different challenges: heterogeneity of devices, diversity of protocols, variety or none established standards, self-manageability, self-organization, dynamic architectures, mobility, intermittent availability, distributed computing, security and privacy. Awareness of these challenges is increasing but dedicated solutions are still at the starting-point. Current proposal is a model allowing smart things interconnection and interoperability. It is mainly based on `service' concept but can bind peer models like `object' concept and standard-based architectures. It is, also, a tentative to learn from biological entities and real environment. `Things' in the IoT are at the origin smart electronic devices with some communication capability. These devices, in our concept, are not considered as unique entity but fragmented into a set of services independently of their architecture, functionality and content. Services in IoT are much more than simple data/document exchange, they are expanded, but not limited, to real world actions, metrics and events.
The performance of finding the upper bound of eigenvalues (UBE) is affected by the quality of correlation matrix estimation. In this paper, a new quantile-based maximum likelihood mean estimator is proposed to improve the mean estimation on sparse data condition so as to obtain a more reliable correlation matrix estimate from observed samples. This in turn improves the UBE finding. The study is specially focused on the quasi-normal signal of combined quantities with asymptotic window-shape distribution and fast-decaying short tail. Experimental results show that the new mean estimator outperforms the conventional sample mean estimator on mean estimation. The UBE finding is also improved accordingly.
Adaptive infinite impulse response (IIR) filters are particularly beneficial in modeling real systems because they require lower computational complexity and can achieve performance more efficiently as compared to the finite impulse response (FIR) filters. In this paper, an adaptive IIR-RLS filter employing subband decomposition is investigated. The proposed subband IIR-RLS filter is based on oversampled uniform DFT banks. To investigate the performance and the stability of the proposed subband IIR-RLS filter in a practical implementation, real data for far-end speech signal and its echo were used in car environment. The computer simulations are included in order to verify the performance of the algorithm. The proposed subband IIR-RLS filter produces results that are significantly favorable than fullband versions of FIR-RLS and IIR-RLS filters and traditional subband FIR-NLMS filter. Moreover, this approach greatly reduces the computational complexity while the stability of the low-order IIR filters in the proposed subband IIR-RLS filter could be monitored easily. Therefore, the proposed subband system identification technique is very attractive for the practical use with real time implementation.
The development and application of the Internet of Things (IOT) and one of the key technologies 鈥淩FID technology鈥?are introduced in detail to gain a better understanding of the IOT technology. For the working principle and mechanism of the IOT can be understood and grasped more easily, an architecture model of the IOT is established combined with the EPC global standards, and the working model of three layer consist of the sensing-layer, network-layer, and application-layer are given. To further promote the practical application of this IOT architecture model, some pressing issues are pointed out, and the smart nodes optimization problem, the information security issues and the data processing problem are emphasized, etc. The final conclusion provides some suggestions for the development of the IOT.
Bio-watermarking systems were introduced as the synergistic integration of biometrics and digital watermarking to assure the integrity, authenticity and confidentiality of digitized image documents, and biometric templates. In this paper, the impact of watermarking attacks on the performance of offline signature verification is assessed in the context of intelligent bio-watermarking systems. The considered system is based on incremental learning computational intelligence, and multi-objective formulation that allows optimizing parameters according to watermark quality and robustness simultaneously. In this study, Extended Shadow Code features are extracted from digitized offline signatures, collected into feature vectors, and discretized into binary watermarks prior to being embedded into high resolution grayscale face image. The impact on biometric verification performance of quantization and different intensities of attacks are considered, and also observed the impact of using only certain areas of face images of higher texture Region Of Interest (ROI) for embedding the watermark. Experimental results conclude the optimal discretization, and better watermark fitness and verification performance when embedding in ROI. To improve the performance in future research, the authors propose to embed more reference signatures, use efficient ROI identification techniques, and finally novel formulation to add biometrics verification fitness to the watermark quality and robustness fitness during embedding optimization. The proposed system can be applied for verifying individuals crossing borders using offline signatures, or protecting biometric templates.
Thermal characterization of materials, especially civil engineering materials, in the way of non-destructive methods, are more and more widespread. In this article, we show an original point of view to describe the used method, the thermal waves, to obtain the thermal impedance of the studied system, using a specific sensor 鈥?a fluxmeter. The identification technique, based on a frequential approach, is optimized by applying a random input to the system. This kind of random heating is shown to provide a frequency range where the thermal effusivity is able to be identified and not correlated to another parameter. The strength of the method is also the determination of the contact resistance of the system, that allows to validate the identification process. Experimental results obtained from a sample with well-known thermal properties (polyvinyl chloride) are used to validate the proposed method.
Internet of things is new tool to develop intelligent logistics. It can improve the information level of the logistics industry, achieve real-time monitoring in the entire logistics process and intelligent supply chain management, reduce supply chain costs, and improve customer satisfaction. However, some things such as policy support, standardization, information technology, application model and technology innovation, personnel training and so on still hindered the application and promotion of internet of things in the field of logistics.
The internet of things (IOT) has brought a broader space to the intensive development of modern agriculture in the application of agricultural environmental monitoring. To solve the problems of real-time video acquisition, image acquisition and motion capture in the agricultural environment, this paper use the ARM S3C44B0X as the processor and put forward a new kind of real-time video acquisition technique based on 32bits embedded processor system. the optimized and minimized hardware system is designed, including designs the GAL gathering controller to control the output digital video signal data form SAA7111A to the frame buffer storage memory Al422, and expanded the interface of FLASH, SDRAM, CF Card, RS232, JTAG and so on; Secondly, through the transplanting of U-boot and uClinux system, the improved moving object examination algorithm using the difference of background was proposed based on the software platform constructed. Finally, the debug process of the unit circuit of the whole system is introduced in proper sequence. As a result, the digital image collecting system based on ARM S3C44B0X exists as a sole unit, and has lots of advantages such as small volume, low cost, good expansion, multifunctional and low power consumption. The system realized the functions of real-time video acquisition and processing. Combined with the GPS module and other sensors, the system can be widely used in the aspects of agricultural environmental monitoring, real-time data acquisition and remote monitoring and so on, with a more broad application prospects.
Left ventricular assist devices (LVAD) are blood pumps used to boost cardiac output for patients who suffer from heart failure. They can be used as a therapy to allow the patient's heart to recover, as a temporary device to support patient while waiting for heart transplant, and as a long-term alternative to transplantation. The new generation of LVADs employs the turbo-dynamic method to pump blood by continuously rotating the impeller in the device. These devices are smaller in size with better efficiency and no valve in comparison with their pulsatile predecessors. However, the new devices also bring new challenges in terms of safety operation of the devices. This paper provides a review of applications that use modeling and identification techniques in rotary LVAD development. The flow estimation algorithms and hydrodynamic bearing monitoring system developed for the AB-180 LVAD (CardiacAssist Inc., Pittsburgh, PA, USA) are presented as the feasibility proof.
In a future internet of things, an increasing number of every-day objects will be connected with each other. These objects can be very diverse in terms of their network protocols and communication technologies. As more resource constrained devices such as sensor networks and PDAs are added to our environment, supporting efficient communication between these heterogeneous devices becomes a key challenge in next-generation networks. To realize this challenge, this paper presents a reconfigurable network framework (IDRA) that supports direct connectivity between heterogeneous co-located devices, without the need for complex translation gateways.
In this paper, we develop a feature measure method of the chess object from a chess image and identify the chess by using the features. Features are generated by calculating the distance between the contour of the character and the center of the chess object. We compare the features of input chess image with the standard database chess image to obtain a corrected chess identification results. There are two advantages compare with other methods: 1) Our method is robust from the 40 incline degree test. 2) Our method can resist the 20%pepper and salt noise attacks. In order to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed scheme, simulations under all kinds of various conditions were conducted. The experimental results show that our proposed scheme can exactly identify chess images 100%of the time.
In a future 'internet of things', an increasing number of every-day objects are connected with each other. Nowadays, connectivity between these devices is supported by assigning each device to an existing (wireless) network. However, these networks do not take into account the individual needs of these devices, even though all these devices are very different in terms of application requirements and hardware capabilities. Moreover, multiple existing networks are often configured independent from each other without any interaction. As an alternative, this paper proposes and discusses a methodology that more efficiently supports network cooperation between heterogeneous devices. The paper argues for autonomously created communities of similar devices, that are able to negotiate with different co-located communities to further optimize their network performance. Different communities engage in cooperation by activating network service, but only when the end result is beneficial for all involved communities. In this paper, the concepts and advantages of this approach are discussed. In addition, a methodology is explored that is able to realize these concepts. Finally, based on this methodology, possible network solutions are presented, remaining challenges are listed and future research opportunities are identified.
Feature extraction has the capability to improve the performance of speaker identification systems. This paper proposes two new techniques for speaker identification based on utilizing a reduced set of the features generated from the Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficient method (MFCC). These techniques are based on histograms for the features using pre-defined interval lengths. The first technique builds a histogram for all data in the feature vectors for each speaker while the second technique builds a histogram for each feature column in the feature set of each speaker. Speaker identification is based on the Euclidian distance measure.
Biodegradable polymers are increasingly expected for substitute of present insulating materials in the electrical and electronic devices. However, their electrical properties are not systematically confirmed and need further investigation. In this paper, biodegradable polyethylene (BDPE) films are employed as the specimens and high density polyethylene (HDPE) films are as the reference. The breakdown endurance of BDPE film is examined using bias DC voltage under UV-irradiation environments. The images of breakdown craters are captured through applying a monocular-video-zoom microscope. Both breakdown area and box dimension of breakdown craters are obtained by an image-pattern-identification technique. The results reveal that for both BDPE and HDPE films, the breakdown voltage, breakdown area and box dimension all decrease with the increase of UV-irradiation level. Based on comparison of the results, it shows that under UV-irradiation environment, breakdown endurance of BDPE film is better than that of HDPE film.
We present a novel language identification technique using our recently developed deep-structured conditional random fields (CRFs). The deep-structured CRF is a multi-layer CRF model in which each higher layer's input observation sequence consists of the lower layer's observation sequence and the resulting lower layer's frame-level marginal probabilities. In this paper we extend the original deep-structured CRF by allowing for distinct state representations at different layers and demonstrate its benefits. We propose an unsupervised algorithm to pre-train the intermediate layers by casting it as a multi-objective programming problem that is aimed at minimizing the average frame-level conditional entropy while maximizing the state occupation entropy. Empirical evaluation on a seven-language/dialect voice mail routing task showed that our approach can achieve a routing accuracy (RA) of 86.4%and average equal error rate (EER) of 6.6%. These results are significantly better than the 82.5%RA and 7.5%average EER obtained using the Gaussian mixture model trained with the maximum mutual information criterion but slightly worse than the 87.7%RA and 6.4%EER achieved using the support vector machine with model pushing on the Gaussian super vector (GSV).
This paper deals with the use of system identification techniques for estimating low-order black-box state-space models formodal analysis. It presents a method to estimate state-space models for large power systems with many controllable devices from noisy measurements. To excite the system low-energy pulses generated by the controllable devices are used. The input signals are the controllable set-points of the devices, the output signals are the speed signals of some generators obtained from Phasor Measurement Units (PMU).
Recently, the use of security surveillance system including CCTV is increasing due to the increase of terrors and crimes. However as the data recorded through the video surveillance system is exposed, the invasion of privacy is raised. The studies on the technology of protecting privacy from the surveillance system in addition to these organizations are actively carried out. To distinguish the human of privacy protection, the identification technique is necessary. This paper proposes the human identification method that uses height and clothing-color information appropriate for the intelligent video surveillance system based on smartcard. It can obtain reliable feature information using smartcard. In this paper, representative colors are extracted by applying octree-based color quantization technique to the clothing region and height is extracted from the geometrical information of the images. Identification is accomplished by comparing the similarities between two data based on Euclidean distance. From the experiment, we could see that the identification of a human can be checked through the proposed system.
The presented work proposes a model driven development approach employing flexible code generation strategies to overcome the technological gap between networked embedded objects and enterprise back-end system. We design a modeling and generator toolchain based on state of the art technologies to support efficient data exchange between hybrid resource constrained systems. We start by mapping different high level message description languages to a common meta model. From those models we generate visual pushdown automata that are the basis for our code generation and message encoding strategy. On the basis of this representation we present a practical and efficient approach to generate binary representation.
Finite-time synchronization of Genesio systems is investigated in the master-slave synchronization schemes, where parameter uncertainty of the systems is dealt with. Some sufficient criteria for the desired finite-time synchronization are proven by means of the finite time stability theory and parameters identification techniques. The effectiveness of the new criteria is illustrated in numerical examples.
In this paper, post-financial crisis era and the world are seeking for low-carbon, eco-economic growth and national governments are seeking to develop the internet of things industry. Through our research, it shows that China's carbon emissions 75%concentrated in urban cities, to pursue low-carbon, eco-development path lies in China's urban carbon emissions management; Chinese cities, the management of the department of serious difficulties in its management model, sharing of information between departments are difficult to coordinate the performance; Based on the above studies, we believe that China urban management lies in: Addressing China's traditional urban management inter-departmental "information island" problem, so that a more coordinated cooperation between various departments , In a more coordinated inter-departmental co-operation, work more efficiently; using the digital model of urban management, improve quality and efficiency of decision-making; strengthen China's IOT industry and the convergence between the information industry to develop a modern city management personnel, developed with independent intellectual property rights in China Digital City integrated information platform, do a good job of national security while increasing the level of China's urban management and quality.
This paper is primarily focused on the increased IT complexity problem and the identification of security threats in networked systems. Modern networking systems, applications and services are found to be more complex in terms of integration and distribution, therefore, harder to be managed and protected. CIOs have to put their effort on threat's identification, risk management and security evaluation processes. Objective decision making requires measuring, identifying and evaluating all enterprise events, either positive (opportunities) or negative (risks) and keeping them in perspective with the business objectives. Our approach is based on a visualisation technique that helps in decision making process, focusing on the threat identification using attack scenarios. For constructing attack scenarios we use the notion of attack graphs, as well as layered security approach. The proposed onion skin model combines attack graphs and security layers to illustrate possible threats and shortest paths to the attacker's goal. By providing few examples we justify the advantage of the threat identification technique in decision making process.
The Internet of Things can bring fundamental changes to tangible goods for E-commerce, such as production, warehousing, procurement, transportation, distribution, consumption and recovery of the whole logistics process, realize the full tracking and tracing of goods, thus greatly enhance E-commerce logistics services quality. This paper deeply studies how the Internet of Things to optimize logistics processes of tangible goods in E-commerce, and to further explore the possible problems for the companies and people involved in the process.
In recent years, interests have emerged for application of MEMS for optical switching in telecommunications industry. Real time robust control of a nonlinear MEMS optical switch using quantitative feedback theory (QFT) method in switching operation is considered in the present work. Nonlinear system rendered into linear configuration by employing system identification techniques to exploit applications of QFT to envisage robust stabilization, tracking specification and perturbation attenuation. Simulation studies are conducted to show the efficiency of the proposed robust scheme as well.
A practical embedded system identification approach and a frequency-domain vibration suppression control technique are developed in this study for the flexible beam driven by a permanent-magnet synchronous motor (PMSM). Simulation and experimental results indicate that the embedded system identification technique efficiently identifies the resonant frequency in velocity and positional loops, separately.
Gene regulatory network provides the knowledge of interaction strength among the genes in living organisms. Accurate identification of gene regulatory network is of prime interest to the researchers in recent time. Different researchers applied different optimization techniques to solve this problem. Most of these optimization techniques considers the square error between reference and simulated gene expression as their objective and minimize it to get a solution for the identification problem under consideration. But these techniques do not guarantee a unique set of network parameter, because the squared error is a non-linear multimodal surface of network parameters. Therefore considering only square error as the objective function is not a good choice. An alternative way of formulation of this problem is to validate it from different perspective. In this paper, we propose a technique for identification of gene regulatory network using multiple objectives. The objectives are designed to make the identification technique more robust. Multi-objective differential evolution is used to find a set of pareto-optimal solutions with respect to the objective functions. Among those solutions, one is chosen according to some suitable criterion. Computer simulation has shown that the proposed technique can identify useful interaction information from gene expression time series data.
In the internet of things(IoT) environment, the dynamic service is the use of resource allocation, service composition and service methods such as internal adjustment of the system to achieve an important mechanism for QoS management, in the device layer, dynamic service provides a flexible self-adaptive applications for RFID. However, smart devices such as mobile reader of resources are scarce in the internet of things, in addition,the wireless sensor devices form more intelligent environment interface, so the more interface access to fewer resources,which greatly reduce the network objects together intelligence, it is necessary to call the interface of IoT dynamic allocation of resources, composition, adjustment, thereby enhancing the IoT network and intelligent applications. In this article, in the complex networked environment a self-adaptive dynamic service was introduced, a novel adaptive method proposed, the method for a control decision-making system to reduce the consumption of devices resources, and the effect measure adjustment based QoS dynamic service.
A non invasive method to detect and diagnosis automatically in an early stage the broken bars fault in the rotor of the induction motor is presented. This method is based on monitoring suitable features by a feedforward Multi Layer Perceptron Neural Network. These features are extracted from the spectral component of the residual 鈥渄鈥?current. A diagnostic robustness towards parametric variations (temperature, magnetic state) is realised by the use of a parametric identification technique. The simulated results show the efficiency of this method. A series of data collected, from a 1.1 kW three phase induction motor performed with different loads and different rotor faults, are used to verify and validate experimentally the performance of this method. The obtained experimental results prove the effectiveness of the proposed method.
This paper proposes an estimation problem of protein networks for cell cycle and their robustness analysis. Our proposed method is explained to estimate a protein network for cell cycle based on system identification techniques. The method is based on the least-squares method for state space models. Applying the method, a 6-dimensional protein network is estimated for cell cycle to demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed method. The estimated protein network is called as 6-dimensional cell cycle system and the cell cycle system is described as nonlinear differential equations. Moreover robustness analysis and numerical simulations are performed for the cell cycle system described as nonlinear differential equations. From these results, robustness of the cell cycle system is discussed.
This paper proposes robust proportional -integral-derivative (PID) control for a proton exchange membrane fuel cell (PEMFC) system. We model a PEMFC as a multivariable system, and apply identification techniques to obtain the system's transfer function matrices, where system variations and disturbances are regarded as system uncertainties. In previous studies, robust control has been successfully applied to improve the stability, performance, and efficiency of a PEMFC system. However, the resulting robust controllers can be complicated. On the other hand, PID control has been widely applicable to engineering practices because of its simple structure, though it lacks stability analysis for systems with uncertainties. Therefore, combining the merits of robust control and PID control, we design robust PID controllers to regulate hydrogen and air flow rates of a PEMFC system. From the discussion of stability, performance, and efficiency, the proposed robust PID controllers are shown to be effective.
In this paper, a novel speaker identification technique using the Dempster-Shafer evidence theory is discussed. The objective is to fuse the complementary information present from different classifiers into a single decision. Here, we use a decreasing function of the distance (of the classifiers) as the belief function. We show that a combined classifier based on the Dempster-Shafer theory outperforms the individual LPCC and MFCC classifiers when used individually.
This paper presents a proof of concept of an original identification technique of passive EM sensor cells. Previous works published by the authors have shown the feasibility of high sensitivity passive sensor Microsystems based on the electromagnetic transduction principle. More, other works, published by the same authors, have demonstrated the feasibility of a wireless interrogation technique of such passive measurement units. This interrogation technique is based on the measurement of the Radar Cross Section (RCS) level of the system composed of the sensor connected to an antenna. In this communication and for the identification purpose, a smart solution combining the sensor cell and a loaded transmission delay line is proposed. The length of the transmission delay line attributes unique identifier to the EM sensor cell. As it will be shown, the measured Beat signal Level spectrum, obtained by using an FMCW Radar reader, is composed of a two parts: one part related to the structural mode (which gives information about the antenna position) and a second part composed of the antenna mode (which gives us information dealing with the sensor measured value and the sensor identification in case of multiple sensor configuration).
We quantified the mechanical abnormalities of the spastic wrist in chronic stroke survivors, and determined whether these findings were representative of those recorded at the elbow and ankle joints. System identification techniques were used to characterize the mechanical abnormalities of these joints and to identify the contribution of intrinsic and reflex stiffness to these abnormalities. Modulation of intrinsic and reflex stiffness with the joint angle was studied by applying PRBS perturbations to the joints at different joint angles over the range of motion. Age-matched healthy subjects were used as control. We found reflex stiffness gain (GR) was significantly larger in the stroke than healthy control wrist at all positions. GR was also strongly position dependent. It increased continuously with the wrist angle in both group; however, the slope of changes vs. joint angle was significantly larger in the stroke than control group. In contrast, intrinsic stiffness gain (K) was within normal range at most positions and was significantly larger in the stroke than the control joint only at the extremes range of motion. Modulation of K with the wrist angle was similar in both group; it was flat between mid-flexion and mid-extension but sharply increased at the end of the range of motion. Our results demonstrate that although intrinsic and reflex stiffness both increased significantly in the spastic wrist, the changes were dominated by enhancements in reflex stiffness. These findings also demonstrate that abnormalities in reflex stiffness at the wrist were similar to those observed at the elbow, and abnormalities in intrinsic stiffness were similar to those observed at the ankle. These findings will help us better understand the origins of mechanical abnormalities associated with stroke-induced spasticity.
High frequency (HF) Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) in the Sub-Thalamic Nucleus (STN) is a clinically recognized therapy for the treatment of motor disorders in Parkinson Disease (PD). The underlying mechanisms of DBS and how it impacts neighboring nuclei, however, are not yet completely understood. Electrophysiological data has been collected in PD patients and primates to better understand the impact of DBS on STN and the entire Basal Ganglia (BG) motor circuit. We use single unit recordings from Globus Pallidus, both pars interna and externa segments (GPi and GPe) in the BG, in a normal primate before and after DBS to reconstruct Local Field Potentials (LFPs) in the region. We then use system identification techniques to understand how GPe LFP activity and the DBS signal applied to STN influence GPi LFP activity. Our models suggest that when no stimulation is applied, the GPe LFPs have an inhibitory effect on GPi LFPs with a 2-3 ms delay, as is the case for single unit neuronal activity. On the other hand, when DBS is ON the models suggest that stimulation has a dominant effect on GPi LFPs which mask the inhibitory effects of GPe.
Pulse wave velocity (PWV) is a marker of arterial stiffness and may permit continuous, non-invasive, and cuff-less monitoring of blood pressure. Here, robust PWV estimation was sought by application of system identification to proximal and distal arterial waveforms. In this approach, the system that optimally couples the proximal waveform to the distal waveform is identified, and the time delay of this system is then used to calculate PWV. To demonstrate proof-of-concept, a standard identification technique was applied to non-invasive impedance cardiography and peripheral arterial blood pressure waveforms from six humans subjected to progressive reductions in central blood volume induced by lower body negative pressure. This technique estimated diastolic pressure with an overall root-mean-squared-error of 5.2 mmHg. For comparison, the conventional detection method for estimating PWV yielded a corresponding error of 8.3 mmHg.
This study presents a new method for the estimation of the dynamic impedance of multi-joint leg movements. The method is based on Multi Input Multi Output (MIMO) system identification techniques and is designed for continuous torque perturbations at the hip and knee joint. Preliminary results from this study indicate that MIMO system identification can successfully be used to estimate the hip and knee impedance and the interaction dynamics between both joints. It is also concluded that, in order to create a good model representation of the leg impedance, the effect of biarticular muscles needs to be taken into account. The obtained measures for joint impedance might be used for clinical assessment and follow up of patients, as well as for the development of supportive devices.
Based on distributed condition, this paper proposes a method to solve the problem of coordinating nodes in the Internet of Things. This method can be divided into two parts: in the Known Area, an elected leader controls the groups to ensure the coordination of the nodes; in the Unknown Area, Cloud taking the task of searching and communicating implements the coordination of the nodes. Based on the characteristics of the nodes in the Internet of Things, a new kind of nodes classification and a new way of leader election are proposed during the procedure of this method. Compared with other methods in coordinating nodes, this method simplifies the construction of the network and effectively adapts to the characteristics of coordination of nodes in the Internet of Things.
The digital home and internet of things, the new concepts of them have come into the community from the research-lab, now the people's lives have been much better, and they want to pursue the life style which is more comfortable, more convenient, simpler, more scientific and more rational. The paper introduces a design of the Digital home Intelligent Management System which is still on the exploitation. The system combines the digital home, internet of things and internet, and the control core of it consist of the ARM9 microprocessor and MCU(Micro Controller Unit), with the design of the corresponding hardware and software, it can manage all of the things that happened or will happen in home. Through the test, the remote control to home has come true, and the system reaches the level of the practice.
The technological background of smart planet generating is discussed in informationized surveying and mapping stage. The concept of smart planet and differences between smart planet and Digital Earth is generalizes. Architecture and a solution of smart planet based on wireless networks are constructed, and figures of physical frame and logic frame of Smart Planet are presented. Technological component of smart planet is analyzed, six key technologies to achieve smart planet is proposed including sensors technology, internet of things, cloud computing, data mining technology, information security technology and relevant laws and regulations. The prospect of smart planet is forecasted and the significance of smart planet is stated. This provides references for the theory and implement mode of the smart planet.
In this paper, an experimental evaluation of one of the most effective source camera identification techniques proposed so far, by Luka虂s虒 et al., is presented. This method uses the characteristic noise left by the sensor on a digital picture as a fingerprint in order to identify the source camera used to take the picture. The aim of the experiments is to assess the effectiveness of this technique when used with pictures that were previously modified using several common image-processing functions coming with photo-editing tools. The results seem to confirm that, in most cases, the method by Luka虂s虒 et al. is resilient to the modifications introduced by the considered image-processing functions. However, it was possible to identify several cases where the quality of the identification process deteriorated because of the noise introduced by the image-processing.
In Aug, 2009, Chinese Premier WEN Jiabao brought forward the concept of "sensing China", the internet of things (IOT) has become the national strategy of China since then. After that, Secretary of Beijing Municipal Government LIU Qi, put forward to the concept of "sensing Beijing", and hope IOT can be new industrial motivation of Beijing development. Furthermore, in January 2010, GUO Jinlong, Mayor of Beijing Municipal Government officially remarked that "IOT construction in Beijing should start from the city security and emergency management applications". Pilot projects of IOT now focus on the new features related to Emergency Management Systems.
As web video databases tend to contain immense copies with the explosive growth of online videos, effective and efficient copy identification techniques are required for content management and copyrights protection. To this end, this paper presents a novel video hashing for video copy identification based on Locally Linear Embedding (LLE). It maps the video to a low-dimensional space through LLE, which is invariant to translation, rotation and rescaling. In this way, we can use the points mapped from the video to play as a robust hashing. Meanwhile, to detect copies which are parts of original videos or contain a clip that comes from original. A dynamic sliding window is applied for matching. Experimental results show that the video hashing is of good robustness and discrimination.
The open-loop flexible modes identification of a high-speed and high-accuracy pick-and-place parallel robot is carried out based on two approaches: an ARMAX model and a subspace identification technique. Models of piezoelectric dynamics and disturbances can be obtained for many distinct operation conditions, allowing, in a future work, the conception of robust control laws.
Previous work has shown that high frequency content is important for realistic haptic feedback, while stability considerations limit the ability of closed-loop control to effectively generate high frequencies. Open-loop playback of high frequencies offers a promising way to generate rich contact transients and textures, but complex high frequency dynamics cause distortion. This paper explores the equalization and dynamic decoupling of multi-DOF haptic devices for accurate open-loop playback. Toward this end, a user study is performed to determine the frequency limit of human force direction sensitivity at 35Hz. This information together with experimental system identification techniques is used to develop a strategy for equalization in different frequency bands. Finally, MIMO equalization is accomplished through online simulation of the system model under the control of an LQR tracking controller.
Information, objects and people are three major macro elements in the human society. Their inner relations can be reflected by the Internet, the Internet of Things and social network, respectively. Normally, these three networks do not work together. This paper proposes a platform to cluster the Internet, the Internet of Things and social network together. The clustering will promote the developing of the Internet of Things and social network. With the clustered platform, most macro elements in human society can be tracked and summarized. Thus it is easy for scientists to analyze the behaviors of objects and people as data. The future applications of the clustered platform are also discussed in this paper.
Among the research fields of the internet of things (IOT), business model is the key point to apply the high technology into real life. In this paper, e3-value methodology is applied to clarify the business model for a typical application of IOT-drug supply chain. The designed models show up the exchanges of value objects between specific actors in the industry chain of IOT.
As digital images have been propagated all over the world, identification techniques for image sources become more important. In this paper, we analyze properties of the scanner and find the spectral noise appeared in the frequency domain. Based on this observation, we propose a new method for identifying scanner models from scanned images. To enhance characteristics of the spectral noise, a refining process is proposed and employed to scanned images. We make reference patterns with the refined noise for each scanner. The proposed method uses the Euclidean distance to calculate a similarity between each reference pattern and the extracted spectral noise from the test image. The experimental results show that the proposed method achieves high accuracy with various types of images.
The usage of IPv6 on Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) can enable the integration of existing and new sensing applications with the Internet, therefore contributing to a major evolution towards the realization of the internet of things. We believe this vision to be realizable only if security is properly addressed. Although many proposals do exist in the literature to address specific security issues on sensor networks, a new security model and security mechanisms are needed to support the secure integration of IP enabled WSNs with the Internet. Such a security model should allow for end-to-end security and should be able to provide mechanisms that allow for the flexible adaptation of security to the resource limitations of sensor nodes. We propose and evaluate a new secure interconnection model and security mechanisms to enable the secure integration of IP enabled WSNs with the Internet. Our model introduces 6lowpan security headers to enable end-to-end security between sensor nodes and hosts in the Internet, while also providing mechanisms to selectively control the energy expended with security operations on the WSN. Although the usage of security at the network layer on WSNs is not consensual, we believe that its proper design and implementation can bring a substantial contribution to the evolution of the Internet.
This paper made a review of static error identification techniques in power system state estimation. It then illustrated the application of Kalman filter in estimation of static errors, such as line parameters. Using the test cases for line parameter estimation, the paper demonstrated that the simple scheme of resetting of parameter covariance matrix will improve the estimation performance.
A novel identification technique for lumped models of general distributed circuits (i.e. microwave transmission lines, monolithic integrated circuits and filters) is presented. The approach is based on a hybrid neural network having based on Multi-valued neurons network with a modified layer and learning process, whose convergence allows the validation of the circuit approximated lumped model. The modified layer is generated by symbolic analysis of the model under exam. The inputs of the network are geometrical parameters and the neural network output represents the lumped circuit parameter estimation.
Haptic modality is one of the most important issues in man-machine communication. This paper introduces a personal identification technique based on force information of finger tracing that can be used for advanced man-machine communication systems. Compared to other biometric methods, the proposed method has an advantage of high security due to the invisible feature of force information. Experimental results show the validity of the proposed method.
The Internet of Things is a rather new concept in IT field. The However, the research of routing protocols of Internet of Things is still a blank, while route designing is an important part in the research of Internet of Things. In this method, we designed a routing method that can take function as routing destination not just nodes. The improvement is more suitable for the use in internet of things, which most unique character is connecting to the internet. Compared with AOMDV in the internet of things, simulation results show that AOMDV-IOT achieves better performance in average end-to-end delay, packet loss and discovery frequency.
A controller have been designed in this paper to improve the motion control performance of a spherical robot during its travel. Due to the robot dynamics lateral oscillations develop in its longitudinal motion inherently. To model this behavior, an external moment signal has been utilized as a noise to deviate the robot from its original path. Then using system identification techniques some mathematical models have been developed to relate the original movement and lateral oscillations of the robot to the motors position and moment signal respectively. The model obtained from system identification has been verified by experiments on the fabricated robot. To validate the design, the controller has been placed in a closed loop control circuit using software in the loop simulation environment.
The rise and development of Internet of Things has a profound impact on the enterprise. Firstly this paper reviews the related modularization theories. Secondly it construct a model of modularity enterprise value network of a telecom operator according to its status and advantages in the Internet of things industry. Finally this paper presents strategy proposals for the telecom operator.
Emergency logistics information system framework is the key of emergency logistics system construction. Based on the situation of emergency logistics information management and relationship between the internet of things and emergency logistics information problems, this article put forward the construction of emergency logistics information platform based on the internet of things, as well as explains construction strategies about the information system framework.
Compared with logistics of ordinary things, Chemical Logistics is flammable, explosive, toxic and corrosive and other characteristics. Storage and transport of specialty chemicals has inevitably brought a series of serious problems and potential problems because of its particularity, so the safety of chemical logistics management is very important. How can the implementation of the chemical products transport real-time monitoring, the researchers and practitioners of chemical logistics hope to solve the problem. this made of networking technology based on the chemical of transport management, on the platform, not only be implemented on chemical products transit environment for real-time monitoring and implementation of transit and chemical products to the real-time monitoring. The system can not only for chemical logistics enterprises, chemical and logistics service, but also for chemical products transport regulatory authorities to provide the information required. Based on the platform, we can control the whole process of chemical products transport.
We studied the effects of Robotic-Assisted Locomotor (LOKOMAT) Training on spasticity and volitional control of the spastic ankle in persons with incomplete Spinal Cord Injury (SCI). LOKOMAT training was performed 3 days/week during a 1-hr period including set-up time with up to 30 minutes of training during a single session. The training was provided for 4 weeks and subjects were evaluated before and after 1, 2, and 4 weeks of training. Spasticity was charterized in terms of neuromuscular abnormalities associated with the spastic joint. A system identification technique was used to quantify the effects of LOKOMAT training on these neuromuscular abnormalities. The effect of LOKOMAT training on volitional control was determined by measuring isometric maximum voluntary contraction (MVC) of ankle extensor and flexor muscles. Our results indicated that the reflex stiffness, abnormally increases in SCI, was significantly reduced (up to 65%) following 4-weeks of LOKOMAT training. Similarly, intrinsic (muscular) stiffness, which also abnormally increases in SCI, decreased significantly (up to 60%). MVCs were increased substantially (up to 93%in extensors and 180%in flexors) following 4-week training. These findings demonstrate that LOKOMAT training is effective in reducing spasticity and improving volitional control in SCI.
This paper proposes the combination of cloud computer and internet of things, and introduces the combination ways of cloud computing and internet of things. Finally, an anticipation is made at prospect of combination of cloud computing and internet of things.
Haptic modality is one of the most important considerations in man-machine communication. The present paper introduces a personal identification technique based on force information of finger tracing that can be used for advanced man-machine communication systems. Calculation time is evaluated to determine whether the method is appropriate for real-time systems. Compared to other biometric methods, the proposed method has the advantage of high security due to the non-visible nature of force information. Experimental results demonstrate the validity of the proposed method.
This paper presents an identification technique to identify models for Parameter-Varying Spatially Interconnected systems. The main focus of the note is the case when there is additive colored noise in the output of the data generating system. A Refined Instrumental Variable method is proposed to identify parameter-varying spatially interconnected models with Box-Jenkins structure. The technique allows identification of models for general multi-dimensional systems, which may be separable or non-separable, causal, semi-causal (spatially interconnected systems) or non-causal. The effectiveness of the method is shown with application to simulation example.
It is well-known that recently proposed Linear Parameter-Varying (LPV) subspace identification techniques suffer from a curse of dimensionality leading to an ill-posed parameter estimation problem. In this paper we will focus on regularization methods to solve the parameter estimation problem. Tikhonov and TSVD regularization are conventional general-purpose regularization methods. These general-purpose regularization methods give preference to a solution with a small 2-norm. In principle many other types of additional information about the desired solution can be incorporated in order to stabilize the ill-posed problem. The main contribution of this paper is that we propose a novel regularization strategy for LPV subspace methods: the nuclear norm regularization method. By applying state-of-the-art convex optimization techniques, the method stabilizes the parameter estimation problem by including information on the desired solution that is specific to the (LPV) subspace identification scheme. We will conclude the paper with a summarizing comparison between the different regularization techniques.
This paper presents an identification technique to consistently identify multi-dimensional systems with additive output colored noise in transfer function representation. The method is an extension of a one-dimensional refined instrumental variable method to multi-dimensional systems. It can be used to identify models for multi-dimensional systems with Box-Jenkins structure; the method may give estimates with minimum bias and variance. In this paper we consider a general multi-dimensional system, which may be separable or non-separable, causal, semi-causal (spatially interconnected systems) or non-causal. Furthermore the algorithm can handle boundary conditions. The effectiveness of the method is shown with application to simulation examples.
Control engineering offers a systematic and efficient means for optimizing the effectiveness of behavioral interventions. In this paper, we present an approach to develop dynamical models and subsequently, hybrid model predictive control schemes for assigning optimal dosages of naltrexone as treatment for a chronic pain condition known as fibromyalgia. We apply system identification techniques to develop models from daily diary reports completed by participants of a naltrexone intervention trial. The dynamic model serves as the basis for applying model predictive control as a decision algorithm for automated dosage selection of naltrexone in the face of the external disturbances. The categorical/discrete nature of the dosage assignment creates a need for hybrid model predictive control (HMPC) schemes. Simulation results that include conditions of significant plant-model mismatch demonstrate the performance and applicability of hybrid predictive control for optimized adaptive interventions for fibromyalgia treatment involving naltrexone.
High precision control has received great attention. Nowadays, as the machines are used for precise operations in manufacturing field, fast and precision control for translational movement are required. In this paper, a linear digital tracking control system is considered to control the position of a non-minimum phase servo system. The system transfer function is obtained via system identification technique using Matlab Toolbox. Feedforward Zero Phase Error Tracking Control (ZPETC) is designed and used in this system. The performance of the controller is analyzed through simulation and real-time experiment by multiple frequency sine wave input. The system is further improved by introducing an error filter to the feedforward controller to increase frequency spectrum. Both controller performances are compared and the result shows significant improvement.
The internet enabled a communication revolution. But the data moving around this network is largely generated and input by humans. Banking records, shopping habits, blog and news postings, pictures, email, tweets - all records of human activity by humans. The expansion of the internet and the power of exchanging information has lead to a commoditization of networking hardware enabling even the most mundane devices to become web or net enabled. Many of our mobile devices include two or more ways to access the broad network of information. The practice of extending the net has led to an internet beyond computers; its now an internet of things (IoT).
Logistics has come to a new stage named intelligent logistics with the development of Internet of things technology. The current application situation, technical support and development prospects of this technology are analyzed in this paper.
Chemical Industry Supply Chain Risk Management, especially for dangerous goods, is very important now. With the development of new theories and technologies, an integrating platform would be developed based on 3S, Web Service, SOA and the internet of things. This paper first proposed the framework of Chemical Industry Supply Chain Risk Management based on 3S and the internet of things (the framework of CISCRM). Secondly some new technologies are introduced. Finally the flow of implementation is given step by step.
Based on many literatures about agricultural logistics, and the characteristics of its development, the author summarizes and analyzes the problems in five aspects, and puts forward six countermeasures.
Safe and reliable operation of electromechanical equipments in coal mines is an important guarantee to achieve safe and efficient production for coal mining enterprises. For this reason, this article brought in the coal mine electromechanical equipments closed-loop management system based on the current development of internet of things (IOT) and information technology. First of all, based on the foundation of coal mine enterprises integrated production automation control system, coal mine enterprise should create the basic electromechanical equipments and operating conditions database; then use GIS 3-D visualization electronic equipment management system to informationize-manage and visual-monitor the electromechanical equipments, consequently formulate a comprehensive assessment on the health status of the electromechanical equipments, and finally tracking the potential risks and weaknesses in these equipments and perform mandatory maintenance.
Based on the introduction of supply chain management of fresh agricultural products and the internet of things (IOT), this paper proposes three specific applications of IOT in fresh agricultural products supply chain management, namely perfecting the monitor of the fresh agricultural products, quality to control the food security sources strictly, building management information system of fresh agricultural products based on IOT to increase supply chain integration level, and reducing supply chain management costs to improve supply chain efficiency.
RFID has found many applications in internet of things (IOT) in the past decade. But the semi-active RFID tag with battery limits its applications in many fields because it must obtain operating power by battery. Because battery is sensitive to environment and its lifetime is limited, integrated battery can cause many problems in applications. Hence, its applications are restricted in a great extent. For these reasons, our research aims at a kind of battery off RFID. This paper presents a design of semi-active RFID tag with Piezoelectric Power Supply (PPS) for moving temperature sensing, a piezoelectric energy harvester was used as PPS. We call this system PPS-RFID. The PPS-RFID can be used in many fields, especially for recording temperature in a moving process without external power supply. This paper also proposed the circuit of the PPS-RFID for moving temperature sensing. This paper emphasizes the design and simulation of PPS. By our test, 0.242 micro watt of power of PPS was achieved at 1 Hz vibration and 650 Newton pressure force. The results showed that the integrated PPS can supply sufficient power for designed PPS-RFID tag, which can be used in temperature monitoring in a moving process such as temperature limited bio-medicine transportation.
This study proposes and investigates the performance of a new non-line-of-sight (NLOS) identification technique for multiple antenna systems that is based on the phase difference across two antenna elements. In order to avoid any confusion in the position location process, NLOS identification techniques should be implemented in the localisation systems. A phase wrapping selection algorithm is proposed to calculate the phase difference variance across two-antenna elements. A theoretical relationship is maintained between the phase difference variance and the Rician K-factor. The proposed K estimator requires an uncorrelated phase across antenna elements. The validity of this assumption is verified via channel modelling simulations. Then, a hypothesis test on the K-factor is formed to identify NLOS situations. The prior distributions of K-factor under line-of-sight (LOS) and NLOS conditions, and the K-factor threshold that are used to distinguish LOS and NLOS situation are derived. The impact of shadowing on the performance of the proposed NLOS identification method is studied. The performance of the proposed phase difference K estimator technique is compared with the envelope-based K estimator.
Noncontact atomic force microscopy (AFM) using frequency modulation (FM) detection allows atomic resolution to be obtained in vacuum on a variety of insulating surfaces and molecular deposits. This technique has recently been extended to liquid environments, and, in addition to atomic scale contrast, FM-AFM in liquid allows measurement of ordered liquid layers above surfaces. The role of water and ions in biological processes is of great interest and in order to localize fluorescently tagged structures, such as proteins, optical microscopy combined with AFM provides an invaluable tool. Thus, to take advantage of the wealth of optical identification techniques available in biology, the AFM must be coupled to an optical microscope. Such systems are commercially available, but mechanical noise due to vibrations is a major concern compared with the compact, specialized instruments used to measure hydration structure to date. In this article the authors demonstrate, through both modeling and measurement, that hydration structure can be measured on such a commercial “bio-AFM,” despite the additional noise sources present in these instruments and that with the addition of a bandpass filter and amplifier it can be done “out-of-the-box” using only commercial electronics and tips. Thus, hydration structure measurements are accessible to virtually any laboratory with such a system.
The macro-bending based fiber identification technique is widely used to identify optical fibers at the worksite. Bending-loss insensitive fibers have been receiving increasing attention, however it is difficult to apply the macro-bending based fiber identification technique to these fibers. In this paper, we propose a new fiber identification technique based on a mechanically induced long-period grating (LPG), and show that the proposed technique can be utilized for a hole-assisted fiber with an extremely low bending loss. We also propose combining the chirped LPG technique with our fiber identification method to simultaneously specify fibers with different structures.
This study is concerned with the development of a new data-driven adaptive model-based predictive controller (MBPC) with input constraints. The proposed methods employ subspace identification technique and a singular value decomposition (SVD)-based optimisation strategy to formulate the control algorithm and incorporate the input constraints. Both direct adaptive model-based predictive controller (DAMBPC) and indirect adaptive model-based predictive controller (IAMBPC) are considered. In DAMBPC, the direct identification of controller parameters is desired to reduce the design effort and computational load while the IAMBPC involves a two-stage process of model identification and controller design. The former method only requires a single QR decomposition for obtaining the controller parameters and uses a receding horizon approach to process input/output data for the identification. A suboptimal SVD-based optimisation technique is proposed to incorporate the input constraints. The proposed techniques are implemented and tested on a fourth order nonlinear model of a wastewater system. Simulation results are presented to compare the direct and indirect adaptive methods and to demonstrate the performance of the proposed algorithms.
Modelling of real physical systems having long memory transients and infinite dimensional structures using fractional-order dynamic models has significantly attracted interest over the last few years. For this reason, many identification techniques both in the frequency domain and time domain have been developed to model these fractional-order systems. However, in many processes time delays are also present and estimation of time delays along with continuous-time fractional-order model parameters have not been addressed anywhere. This study deals with the continuous-time model identification of fractional-order system models with time delays. In this study, a new linear filter is introduced for simultaneous estimation of all model parameters for commensurate fractional-order system models with time delays. The proposed method simultaneously estimates time delays along with other model parameters in an iterative manner by solving simple linear regression equations. For the case when the fractional order is unknown, we also propose a nested loop optimisation method where the time delay along with other model parameters are estimated iteratively in the inner loop and the fractional order is estimated in the non-linear outer loop. The applicability of the developed procedure is demonstrated by simulations on a fractional-order system model by doing Monte Carlo simulation analysis in the presence of white noise. The proposed algorithm has also been applied to identify a process of thermal diffusion in a wall in simulation, which are characterised by fractional-order behaviour.
An important challenge for supporting multimedia applications in the Internet of Things is the security heterogeneity of wired and wireless sensor and actuator networks. In this work, we design a new and efficient media-aware security framework for facilitating various multimedia applications in the Internet of Things. First, we present a novel multimedia traffic classification and analysis method for handling the heterogeneity of diverse applications. Then a media-aware traffic security architecture is proposed based on the given traffic classification to enable various multimedia services being available anywhere and anytime. Furthermore, we provide a design rule and strategy to achieve a good trade-off between a system??s flexibility and efficiency. To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first to provide general media-aware security architecture by jointly considering the characteristics of multimedia traffic, security service, and the Internet of Things.
Electro-pneumatic valve actuators are used to eliminate the cam shafts of a traditional internal combustion engine. They are used to control the opening timing, duration, and lift of both intake and exhaust valves. In order to develop model-based control strategies, a control oriented model was developed by piecewisely linearizing the physics-based nonlinear system model. In this paper, an adaptive valve lift control strategy was developed to improve the intake valve lift repeatability. The model reference adaptive system identification technique was employed to estimate system parameters needed for generating feedforward control signals for the closed-loop control scheme. The closed-loop lift control strategies, along with the model reference feedforward control, were developed and implemented in a prototype controller, and validated on a valve test bench with multiple reference valve lifts at both 1200 and 5000 r/min engine speeds. The experiment results showed that the actual valve lift reached the reference lift within 0.5 mm of lift error in one cycle at 1200 r/min and in two cycles at 5000 r/min. The maximum steady-state lift errors were less than 0.4 mm at high valve lift and less than 1.3 mm at low valve lift. Furthermore, the closed-loop valve lift control improved valve lift repeatability with more than 30%reduction of standard deviation over the open-loop control.
This study presents a new scheme for the identification of minimum-phase autoregressive moving average (ARMA) systems from noise-corrupted observations. From the autocorrelation function (ACF) of the observed data, exploiting the characteristics of the zero lag, the authors develop a set of equations containing the lower lags of the ACF and solve the corresponding quadratic eigenvalue problem in order to estimate simultaneously the AR parameters and the observation noise variance. In the proposed identification technique, both the white noise and the periodic impulse-train excitations are considered for the purpose of practical applications. In order to estimate the MA parameters, first, a residual signal is obtained by filtering the noisy observations via the estimated AR parameters. A noise-subtraction algorithm is proposed utilising the estimated noise variance and the AR parameters to reduce the effect of noise from the ACF of the residual signal. The MA parameters are then estimated by using the spectral factorisation corresponding to the noise-compensated ACF of the residual signal. In order to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method, extensive experimentations are performed considering synthetic ARMA systems of different orders in the presence of noise and results are compared with those of some of the existing methods. Computer simulations demonstrate a superior identification results in terms of estimation accuracy and consistency even under heavy noisy conditions. Simulation results are also provided for the identification of a human vocal-tract system using natural speech signals showing a superior performance of the proposed technique in terms of the power spectral density of the synthesised speech signal.
Thermal characterization of materials, especially civil engineering materials, in the way of non-destructive methods, are more and more widespread. In this article, we show an original point of view to describe the used method, the thermal waves, to obtain the thermal impedance of the studied system, using a specific sensor – a fluxmeter. The identification technique, based on a frequential approach, is optimized by applying a random input to the system. This kind of random heating is shown to provide a frequency range where the thermal effusivity is able to be identified and not correlated to another parameter. The strength of the method is also the determination of the contact resistance of the system, that allows to validate the identification process. Experimental results obtained from a sample with well-known thermal properties (polyvinyl chloride) are used to validate the proposed method.
The estimation of the line impedance can be used by the control of numerous grid-connected systems, such as active filters, islanding detection techniques, non-linear current controllers, detection of the on/off grid operation mode. Therefore, estimating the line impedance can add extra functions into the operation of the grid-connected power converters. This paper describes a quasi-passive method for estimating the line impedance of the distribution electricity network. The method uses the model based identification technique to obtain the resistive and inductive parts of the line impedance. The quasi-passive behaviour of the proposed method comes from the combination of the non-intrusive behaviour of the passive methods with a better accuracy of the active methods. The simulation results reveal the good accuracy of the proposed method.
The emergency evacuation information system is the key of building emergency evacuation system. Through the relation analysis between the internet of things and the emergency evacuation information, this thesis brought out the design ideas about emergency evacuation information system based on the status of emergency evacuation management, and explained the implementation strategy of the information system.
For Savant application problems in the Internet of Things, we improved architecture of the Savant system, and achieved connection methods between reader and enterprise application client with Savant middleware technology. In this method, one or more label or sensor data streams flow through readers, we achieved compressed data packets, tag data filtering, integration and calculation with Savant. Through the use of Savant middleware, we can lower the complexity of many to many connected maintenance problems and the cost of business operation.
A system that can actively monitor the driver's fatigue level in real time is urgently needed for the prevention of accidents. Support vector machine (SVM) technique is used to identify driver's fatigue based on psychological features, such as EEG and ECG. Driver's fatigue is expressed as alert, mild fatigue, deep fatigue and drowsiness, and they are used as output variables of SVM model. Field experiments are carried out in JiangYan freeway to collect the required data to validate the SVM model. Results show that the model can recognize driver's fatigue levels effectively and recognition precisions of all states are larger than 87.5%.
The article firstly analyzes the history and concept of internet of things (IOT) and discusses in depth the contents of IOT. Secondly it introduces the system architecture of China Communications Standards Association for IOT and offers the model. It introduces the key technologies in the development of IOT mainly- wireless sensor network technology, core bearer network communication technology and Intelligent Data Processing. Finally, this article proposes several suggestions to application strategy and design according to the current state of IOT.
Many congestion control protocols have been recently proposed in order to alleviate the problems encountered by TCP in high-speed networks and wireless links. Protocols utilizing an architecture that is in the same spirit as the ABR service in ATM networks require estimates of the effective number of users utilizing each link in the network to maintain stability in the presence of delays. In this paper, we propose a novel estimation algorithm that is based on online parameter identification techniques and is shown through analysis and simulations to converge to the effective number of users utilizing each link. The algorithm does not require maintenance of per-flow states within the network or additional fields in the packet header, and it is shown to outperform previous proposals that were based on pointwise division in time. The estimation scheme is designed independently from the control functions of the protocols and is thus universal in the sense that it operates effectively in a number of congestion control protocols. It can thus be successfully used in the design of new congestion control protocols. In this paper, to illustrate its universality, we use the proposed estimation scheme to design a representative set of Internet congestion control protocols. Using simulations, we demonstrate that these protocols satisfy key design requirements. They guide the network to a stable equilibrium that is characterized by high network utilization, small queue sizes, and max-min fairness. In addition, they are scalable with respect to changing bandwidths, delays, and number of users, and they generate smooth responses that converge quickly to the desired equilibrium.
A new technique for reducing crosstalk and increasing system capacity by separating identical inductive nearest neighbour transmitters and nearest neighbour coupling between transmitter and receiver is proposed. The technique is used to create a network-architecture for inductive internet of things. It reduces crosstalk by a large order of magnitude and also increases the capacity of the system by at least eight times.

This paper presents a preliminary study on a non-line-of-sight (NLOS) identification technique that exploits space-frequency correlation features of multiple-output orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) systems. Here, space correlation refers to the correlation across antenna elements and frequency correlation refers to the correlation across subcarriers. In this technique, a measure, subcarrier correlation difference (SCD), is introduced and used to identify NLOS conditions. SCD is defined as the difference of cross-antenna subcarrier correlation and single antenna subcarrier correlation. The impact of the fading channel K-factor, spatial subchannel correlation and channel estimation error on the proposed techniques is investigated.
In all of the Siemens sectors, Industry, Energy, and Healthcare, embedded systems are an essential part of our products, systems, and solutions. Also, in general, embedded systems and software-based systems surround us. This fits also well to the motto of this year's COMPSAC "The computed world: software beyond the digital society". There is a strong trend that embedded systems are being networked together and interact with each other in increasingly complex ways. Especially when there is a strong focus on the interaction between the elements, one speaks of "cyber-physical systems" or the "internet of things". The trend to increased use of cyber-physical systems offers new opportunities, both in the research space as well as for new applications. This keynote will provide insights into how Siemens has been active in both of these areas.
In this paper the decoupling control of two-inputs two-outputs (TITO) processes using a simplified dynamic decoupler is considered. A frequency-domain identification technique that uses a relay experiment to estimate a first-order plus dead-time (FOPDT) TITO model is presented. The resulting FOPDT TITO model is accurate around at the frequency of interest and is used to design a simplified decoupler. A new decoupler evaluation and redesign method to reach effective decoupling at the frequency of interest is proposed. Simulation examples are used to illustrate the method.
Inertia-visual sensor fusion has become popular due to the complementary characteristics of cameras and IMUs. Once the spatial and temporal alignment between the sensors is known, the fusion of measurements of these devices is straightforward. Determining the alignment, however, is a challenging problem. Especially the spatial translation estimation has turned out to be difficult, mainly due to limitations of camera dynamics and noisy accelerometer measurements. Up to now, filtering-based approaches for this calibration problem are largely prevalent. However, we are not convinced that calibration, as an offline step, is necessarily a filtering issue, and we explore the benefits of interpreting it as a batch-optimization problem. To this end, we show how to model the IMU-camera calibration problem in a nonlinear optimization framework by modeling the sensors' trajectory, and we present experiments comparing this approach to filtering and system identification techniques. The results are based both on simulated and real data, showing that our approach compares favorably to conventional methods.
Trocars used in Minimally Invasive Surgery (MIS) are equipped with a sealing mechanism. During the motion of an instrument through a trocar, the sealing mechanism deforms itself. The Extended Maxwell Slip model has been developed in order to capture the deformation of the sealing mechanism. Two operating phases are distinguished, corresponding to the deformation of the sealing mechanism on the one hand, and to the sliding phase through the trocar on the other hand. This article addresses the identification procedure for this model. The deformation phase uses a PieceWise Affine (PWA) model. This model is identified using a PWARX (PieceWise ARX) identification technique namely the clustering based technique. Identification and validation are achieved using experimental data recorded on a dedicated test setup.
Radio-frequency identification (RFID) technology has emerged from a simple identification technique towards the enabler for more sophisticated applications like advanced data storage and proof of origin. Even so-called passive RFID tags that receive their power from a radio-frequency field tend to implement more functionality which leads to increased control complexity on them. Current low-cost tags are implemented by hardwired state machines which are inflexible and also inefficient when control complexity increases. In this work, we present a flexible tag platform that is based on a simple 8-bit microcontroller optimized for low chip area and low power consumption. We demonstrate the efficiency of our approach by implementing a near-field communication (NFC) compatible tag with advanced file-access functionality and security features in hardware. Results show that the power consumption of the microcontroller is below 10 μA at 106 kHz and that the control part of the flexible tag platform requires a chip area of 10 kGEs making it suitable for low-cost RFID devices.
The complexity of city parking guiding system is analyzed, and the parallel system theory is commended to establish the practical parking guiding system. The system modules of a real parking guiding system based on internet of things technology is designed. The multi-level multi-agent system structure thinking in project field is put forward to improve the hierarchy of agents and the ability of the communication. The multi-level multi-agent model of a large city parking guiding system is established and described by set language.
The descriptive labels of textile products are obligated in Household Goods Quality Labeling law. The composition display is managed by identification and quantitative analysis of fiber mixtures in JIS (Japan Industrial Standards). But, this JIS method is the destructive inspection, and a lot of time is necessary for the analysis. In this study, using cotton, polyester and wool, we examined the possibility of qualitative analysis of fiber mixtures by Infrared spectroscopy and SIMCA (Soft Independent Modeling of Class Analogy). The identification technique that we propose is nondestructive and a prompt method. Result of using this method, we obtained feature spectral form of each fiber. And using the measuring spectrum for SIMCA, high distinction rate was obtained. This result is underqualify for practical use, but we was able to find out the possibility of nondestructive identification of fiber mixtures by IR absorption spectrum and SIMCA.
In order to make up the shortage of mine cable monitoring system, and build the coal mine internet of things more quickly. The gas wireless monitoring system was designed by using cc2430 which was used to build Wireless Sensor Networks(WSNs), and combining MCU technology, sensor technology, store display and CAN bus communication technology. The overall framework of the system was given, and the WSNs was designed detailed, including wireless gas sensor, monitoring sub-station and monitoring gateway's hardware and software design. The system effectively solves the shortcomings of present monitoring systems, and can be used, as a new generation of monitoring system, to promote, due to its strong expansion and easy operation.
The Internet of Things is a concept of connecting small real space physical objects to the Internet using sensor network, RFID, and other forms of wireless network technologies. In this paper, we present an EPC (Electronic Product Code) based Internet of Things (IoT) architecture. The key concept of the architecture is EPC network over heterogeneous access network. We particularly focused on a ZigBee network as it can collect the latest information about ‘Things’. The EPC Network provides certain static information about ‘Things’ such as name and manufacturer. To support end-to-end communication between sensor nodes and applications, Constrained Application Protocol (CoAP) instead of Hyper Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP) over ZigBee is developed. A gateway on a local area network converts HTTP and CoAP. A pseudo Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) protocol supports JOIN/LEAVE management of sensor nodes. We also prove a prototype home appliances management system that adopt our architecture over a ZigBee network. Our prototype provides energy-saving application using home appliances information collected through the system.
As a result of Internet's anonymity, openness and freedom, there have been two kinds of security problems existing extensively in the online virtual space. They are user's ID theft and article counterfeit that may cause rampant cyber crime and online deception. Therefore, application of authorship or article identification techniques across online message content is increasingly necessary. In this paper, we proposed a feature-based identification method which can automatically identify the authenticity of online authorship or article according to their unique writing style. This technique is a hypothesis testing based method that creates a function words feature set specially tailored towards Chinese online messages. To evaluate the effectiveness of this automatic recognition method, we conducted several experiments on datasets extracted from a Chinese forum web, and statistically analyzed the content of registered uses' post and reply messages. Our experimental results showed that this method has an excellent identification performance.
This study presents efficient vision-based finger detection, tracking, and event identification techniques, as well as a low-cost hardware framework for multi-touch sensing and display applications. A fast bright-blob segmentation process based on automatic multilevel histogram thresholding is performed to extract pixels of touch blobs from the captured image sequences obtained from the scattered infrared lights by the video camera. Given the touch blobs extracted from each of the captured frames, a blob tracking and event recognition process is then conducted to analyze the spatial and temporal information of these touch blobs from consecutive frames and determine the possible touch events issued by users. This process also refines the detection results and corrects for errors and occlusions caused by noise and errors during the blob extraction processes. Our proposed blob tracking and touch event recognition process includes two phases. First, the phase of blob tracking associates the motion correspondence of blobs in succeeding frames by analyzing their spatial and temporal features. Then the phase of touch event recognition process can identify meaningful touch events activated by users from the motion information of touch blobs. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed vision-based finger detection, tracking, and event identification system is feasible and effective for multi-touch sensing applications in various operational environments and conditions.
Radio frequency identification (RFID) is a remote identification technique promises to revolutionize the way a specific object use to identify in our industry. However, large scale implementation of RFID sought for protection, against Malware threat, information privacy and un-traceability, for low cost RFID tag. In this paper, we propose a framework to provide privacy for tag data and to provide protection for RFID system from malware. In the proposed framework, malware infected tag is detected by analysing individual component of the RFID tag. It uses sanitization technique for analysing individual component. Here authentication based shared unique parameters is used as a method to protect privacy. This authentication protocol will be capable of handling forward and backward security and identifying rogue reader better than existing protocols. Using this framework, the RFID system will be protected from malware and the privacy of the tag will be ensured as well.
This paper presents a preliminary study on a non-line-of-sight (NLOS) identification technique that exploits space-frequency correlation features of multiple-output orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) systems. Here, space correlation refers to the correlation across antenna elements and frequency correlation refers to the correlation across subcarriers. In this technique, a measure, subcarrier correlation difference (SCD), is introduced and used to identify NLOS conditions. SCD is defined as the difference of cross-antenna subcarrier correlation and single antenna subcarrier correlation. The impact of the fading channel K-factor, spatial subchannel correlation and channel estimation error on the proposed techniques is investigated.
Developing low-carbon economy is a consensus of all governments in the world, and low-carbon economy has been one of the emerging research focuses also. Logistics has special position in low-carbon economy. The most basic work of researching low-carbon logistics is to measure the carbon emission and low-carbon degree of logistics in quantity. So, the paper introduces the concept and analysis method of carbon footprint into logistics area to evaluate low-carbon degree of logistics and analyze where to be improved. Then, by taking advantage of information technology theory and application, it studies the system framework of Logistics Carbon Footprint Analysis System based on information system theory. And it designs the system structure, analyzes its function modular and sets forth the key problems. The research of this paper can lay the foundation for the further study for promoting low-carbon logistics development by informationization.
In this work, we perform the challenging task of a humanoid robot standing up from a chair. First we recorded demonstrations of sit-to-stand motions from normal human subjects as well as actors performing stylized standing motions (e.g. imitating an elderly person). Ground contact force information was also collected for these motions, in order to estimate the human's center of mass trajectory. We then mapped the demonstrated motions to the humanoid robot via an inverse kinematics procedure that attempts to track the human's kinematics as well as their center-of-mass trajectory. In order to estimate the robot's center-of-mass position accurately, we additionally used an inertial parameter identification technique that fit mass and center-of-mass link parameters from measured force data. We demonstrate the resulting motions on the Carnegie Mellon/Sarcos hydraulic humanoid robot.
The fiber-optic internet of things (FIOTs), an intelligent information network which refers to the networked interconnection of objects based on the fiber sensor and communication access technique is discussed in this talk.
A novel soft computing system to optimize a dental milling process is proposed. The model is based on the initial application of several statistical and projection methods as Principal Component Analysis and Cooperative Maximum Likelihood Hebbian Learning to analyze the structure of the data set and to identify the most relevant variables. Finally, a supervised neural model and identification techniques are applied, in order to model the process and optimize it. In this study a real data set obtained by a dynamic machining center with five axes simultaneously is analyzed to empirically test the novel system in order to optimize the time error.
Security plays a vital role in enabling future integration of Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) with the Internet. Although security in WSNs is a mature field of research and many proposals currently exist that can address particular security threats, how to guarantee end-to-end security at the network layer for IPv6-enabled WSNs remains an open research issue. Security should be addressed at the network layer, as sensor nodes will evolve to become IPv6 aware and new applications are adapted or designed that depend on IPv6 connectivity to sensor nodes. We propose and evaluate new compressed AH and ESP 6lowpan security headers that allow the protection of IPv6 communications on IEEE 802.15.4 WSNs. As the security headers are designed to work side-by-side with other extension headers of the 6lowpan adaptation layer, they allow also the establishment of end-to-end secure communications between Internet hosts and wireless sensor nodes. The usage of IPv6 on WSNs has the potential of enabling the integration of sensing applications with the Internet and, if end to end security is properly addressed, can represent a major contribution towards the "internet of things".
Shot boundary detection algorithm has the longest and richest history in the area of content based video analysis and retrieval. Various automatic shot boundary detection techniques have been proposed and their performances are reliable, especially for video cut detection. This paper approaches the video cut transition detection based on the block wise histogram differences of the two consecutive frames of a video sequence in RGB color space. Most of the cut identification techniques uses a threshold to discriminate between the inter frame difference values and thus identify the video breakpoints. A new threshold calculation algorithm is proposed for cut identification process. Experimental results show that the proposed method gives better results than the existing methods.
Biometrics based personal identification techniques have intrinsic advantages over traditional personal identification techniques but the security of biometric data is a major issue. The biometric based verification system works properly only if the verification system can guarantee that the biometric data has come from the genuine person at the time of enrollment. We introduced application in which we hide biometric feature of user in variety of images in order to enhance security of biometric template. We have proposed an image adaptive hiding method which adjusts the strength of the biometric bits based on host image property. Due to the redundancy of watermark bit, we are able to retrieve the hidden data with 100 percent accuracy with limited payload. Biometric watermark used for this work is fingerprint minutiae. However the idea can be extended for any other feature or combination of more than one feature. We have used a distortion-tolerant matching algorithm that defines a novel feature vector for each fingerprint minutia based on the global orientation field, similar to the method proposed by Jin Qi and Yangsheng Wang. These features are used to identify corresponding minutiae between two fingerprint impressions by computing the Euclidean distance between vectors that gives high verification accuracy. The algorithm proposed here is tested for 50 different types of host images and public data collection, DB3, FVC2002.
Language identification (LID) is always regarded to be a fascinating field to be studied. Studies on language identification has been carried out from early 1970's and up to now lot of research have been undergone in this area. In this paper a few of the papers are highlighted and reviewed based on the past history and the current state of research on various techniques that have been applied for identification of language identification.
This note deals with the identification of a mobile robot with differential drive. The robot system is modeled by two MISO Hammerstein systems with input dead zones. The robot dynamic model is based on the traveled distance increment instead of the robot coordinates, making the model linear and allowing the application of classical methods of identification. Both parameters of linear and nonlinear blocks are estimated simultaneously through application of recursive least squares. Our main contribution is to use simple identification techniques to recursively estimate the linear and non-linear parameters of the robot system, that may vary over the time. The feasibility of the method is demonstrated by examples using both simulated and real robot.
This document analysis the integration of internet of things at Shanghai. Now, many countries are carried out the strategic planning in future economic development, one of the important things is to make its internet of things industry development strategy. The demonstration effect of Shanghai Lianhua Logistics has a guide on the integration of the logistics industry in Shanghai. Integration in the logistics industry, should be in the market mechanism, at the same time, emphasis on government guidance and industry planning.
This paper presents an identification technique based on linear recurrent neural network to identify spatially interconnected systems both in open and closed-loop form. The latter has not been addressed in the literature for the systems under consideration. The paper considers identification of two-dimensional (time and space) systems; the method can be easily extended to have more than one dimension in space. In this paper we consider a semi-causal (causal in time and non-causal in space) two-dimensional (2-D) system, which may be separable or non-separable but the method can also be used for 2-D systems which are causal in both dimensions. Furthermore the algorithm can handle boundary conditions. The effectiveness of the method is shown with application to simulation examples.
High frequency Deep Brain Stimulation in the Sub-Thalamic Nucleus is a clinically recognized therapy for the treatment of motor disorders in Parkinson's Disease. Sub-thalamic Nucleus (STN) is a small lens-shaped nucleus in the brain where it is a part of the basal ganglia system and is currently thought to play a prominent role in Parkinson's Disease (Obeso et al., 1997). STN is the typical stimulation target in patients with symptoms like tremor and motor skills, typical in Parkinson's disease. The underlying mechanisms of Deep Brain Stimulation and how it impacts neighboring nuclei, however, are not yet completely understood and this is the reason because Deep Brain Stimulation is still debated. Electrophysiological data has been collected in Parkinson's Disease patients and primates to better understand the impact of Deep Brain Stimulation(DBS) on Sub-thalamic Nucleus and the entire Basal Ganglia motor circuit. We use single unit recordings from Globus Pallidus, both pars interna and externa segments in Basal Ganglia (GPi and GPe respectively), in a normal primate before and after DBS to reconstruct Local Field Potentials in the region. The aim of this paper is to understand, via system identification techniques, how GPe activity and the DBS signal applied to Sub-thalamic Nucleus influence GPi activity (see Fig 1 and 2), in order to clarify the impact of DBS on Basal Ganglia nuclei (in particular on GPi) analyzing Local Field Potentials. Our models suggest that when no stimulation is applied, the GPe has an inhibitory effect on GPi with a 2 ms delay on Local Field Potentials (LFPs), as is the case for single unit neuronal activity (4-5 ms delay in this instance). On the other hand, when DBS is ON the models suggest that stimulation has a dominant effect on GPi LFPs which masks the inhibitory effects of GPe.
A novel bio-inspired computational high-precision dental milling system is proposed in this interdisciplinar research. The system applies several bio-inspired models, based on unsupervised learning, that analyse and identify the most relevant features of high-precision dental-milling data sets and their internal structures. Finally, a supervised neural architecture and certain identification techniques are applied, in order to model and to optimize the high-precision process. This is done by empirically testing the model using a real data set taken from a dynamic high-precision machining centre with five axes.
This study presents a new technique for identifying nonlinear systems using multiple models. In this technique the identification structure used is ANFIS, consequent parts are performed by multiple models and the interpolation of local models is performed by the membership functions of the Takagi Sugeno fuzzy system. The identification technique uses a number of multiple model concepts to initiate the fuzzy parameters, and the learning algorithm of the ANFIS structure adjusts the membership functions so that the fuzzy multiple models properly reproduce the nonlinear system. One experimental tank of water was hand built to exemplify the technique and to compare the classic multiple model and the intelligent one.
A novel mode-identification approach for permittivity measurement using traveling-wave (TW) whispering-gallery-mode (WGM) resonators is proposed. This approach is based on extracting the attenuation and coupling coefficients of the resonator directly from the measured complex insertion loss values. From both coefficients, the modal index of the resonance frequency will be easily identified. This approach is applied to an implemented K-band dielectric resonator where excellent results are obtained
This study proposes and investigates the performance of a new non-line-of-sight (NLOS) identification technique for multiple antenna systems that is based on the phase difference across two antenna elements. In order to avoid any confusion in the position location process, NLOS identification techniques should be implemented in the localisation systems. A phase wrapping selection algorithm is proposed to calculate the phase difference variance across two-antenna elements. A theoretical relationship is maintained between the phase difference variance and the Rician K-factor. The proposed K estimator requires an uncorrelated phase across antenna elements. The validity of this assumption is verified via channel modelling simulations. Then, a hypothesis test on the K-factor is formed to identify NLOS situations. The prior distributions of K-factor under line-of-sight (LOS) and NLOS conditions, and the K-factor threshold that are used to distinguish LOS and NLOS situation are derived. The impact of shadowing on the performance of the proposed NLOS identification method is studied. The performance of the proposed phase difference K estimator technique is compared with the envelope-based K estimator.
This paper presents the system identification techniques as an alternative to model processes for control purposes. A methodology for obtaining adequate empirical models for distillation columns is presented. This methodology is applied to a benchmark of a distillation column at laboratory scale (Column A). In this work, experimental data fit a state space model using subspace identification techniques.
A new identification technique is proposed to study the plasma phenomena taking place in the so-called scrape-off layer and their correlation with the lower hybrid radio frequency antenna in the experimental nuclear fusion tokamak reactor Tore Supra. A deeper knowledge of the plasma behavior in this region would contribute to the achievement of steady-state controlled thermonuclear fusion for power generation. The proposed approach relies on the design of a feedback/feedforward optimized architecture to solve a blind identification problem. While our paper is mostly focused on experimental results for the studied application, it can provide valuable insights on input estimation and model validation for transport phenomena described by partial differential equations.
In this paper, we propose a systematic framework of truck overload intelligent monitoring system under the concept of internet of things (IOT) to solve the truck's ever-increasing serious overload problem in China. First the overviews of general concept of IOT and its Chinese version, Sensing China, are introduced to provide the background information. Next, the serious truck overload problem in China is explained in details including data summary of casualties and monetary cost caused by overload. Then, to solve the problem, we design a framework of intelligent system which can monitor truck's load information in real time. The proposed system includes the weight sensors installed in vehicles, wireless transformation device sending data to the GPS installed in driver's cab, and remote control terminal to receive and process the information sent by the GPS. The suggested system provides an effective approach to prevent truck overload during the transportation.
With the development of information and communication technology to a certain stage, it is inevitable that internet of things is used in electrical fire monitor. Internet of things technology is helpful to effectively integrate the infrastructure resources for electrical fire monitoring system. It is also helpful to improve the information level of electrical fire monitoring system and increase the use frequency of infrastructure resources. Developing status of internet of things and monitoring system for electrical fire is reviewed. A set of basic system of internet of things for electrical fire monitoring system and its application is introduced.
Along with acceleration of various countries' digitization and informationization, according to the 12th 5-year development plan, the internet of things (IOT) will become one of Chinese emerging strategic industries. Based on the analysis of IOT's basic concept and key technology, this paper studies IOT's application in "Digital Agriculture" construction. The main contents include: IOT's application in agricultural production, IOT's application in logistics and distribution of agricultural products, and IOT's application in agricultural products safety traceability.
This paper introduced an early warning of Tibet's tourism crisis, and combined the internet of things with disaster early warning technology and its demand in Tibet. Furthermore, the paper discussed the importance in the aspect of providing accurate information and the correct hedge instructions, reducing the disaster losses in early warning of Tibet's tourism crisis, in which the technology of Internet of Things can play an important role. Based on the Mt.Everest region of Tibet's topographical features, the paper proposed that the architecture and design for early warning system of Tibet tourism crisis based on the internet of things.
A study room integrated management system with multi-layer architecture based on the internet of things has been built by internet of things technology, computer and information technology. The system use campus card data center as user data, browser as access mode, mobile phones as access terminal. To achieve the dynamic order management of library study room seats, and address resource constraints and low utilization problem of the study room seating.
It's the trend that sensor network become more standardized and unified as internet of things develops continuously. Aiming at resolving the problems arising from variety of sensors type and interface, this paper presents a design idea of a standardized sensor network node based on virtual instrument and IEEE 1451 standard, and expounds the realization of this sensor node. A concept of sensor node user program API is introduced to facilitate upper sensor network or host interacting with this standard sensor node. Test results show that this sensor network node could meet the practical application.
This article compares two techniques for estimating the parameters describing the motion of a phantom designed to investigate shaking baby syndrome. Parameters of a simple computational model and an impulse response function for a linear second order system were both fitted using kinematic measurements of the motion of an inverted jointed pendulum. From the two methods respectively, the rotational stiffness of the joint was calculated to be 1.396 kgm<sup>2</sup>s<sup>-2</sup> and 1.355 kgm<sup>2</sup>s<sup>-2</sup> and the damping coefficient was calculated to be 0.0142 kgm<sup>2</sup>s<sup>-1</sup> and 0.0133 kgm<sup>2</sup>s<sup>-1</sup>. The parameter estimates were similar demonstrating that the two techniques were comparable. Identifying accurate parameters will allow more complex phantoms to be modeled, and will provide insight into the relationship between the shaking of the torso and the resultant head motion during shaken baby syndrome.
New scenarios in diabetes treatment have been opened in the last ten years by continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) sensors. In particular, Non-Invasive CGM sensors are particularly appealing, even though they are still at an early stage of development. Solianis Monitoring AG (Zu&#776;rich, Switzerland) has proposed an approach based on a multisensor concept, embedding primarily dielectric spectroscopy and optical sensors. This concept requires a mathematical model able to reconstruct the glucose concentration from the 150 channels measured with the device. Assuming a multivariate linear regression model (valid and usable for different individuals), the aim of this paper is the assessment of some techniques usable for determining such a model, namely Ordinary Least Squares (OLS), Partial Least Squares (PLS) and Least Absolute Shrinkage and Selection Operator (LASSO). Once the model is identified on a training set, the accuracy of prospective glucose profiles estimated from ”unseen” multisensor data is assessed. Preliminary results obtained from 18 in-clinic study days show that sufficiently accurate reconstruction of glucose levels can be achieved if suitable model identification techniques, such as LASSO, are considered.
We studied the effects of Robotic-Assisted Locomotor (LOKOMAT) Training on neuromuscular properties and muscle strength of the spastic ankle in persons with incomplete Spinal Cord Injury (SCI). LOKOMAT training was performed 3 days/week during a 1-hr period including set-up time. The training was provided for 4 weeks and subjects were evaluated before and after 1, 2, and 4 weeks of training. A system identification technique was used to quantify the effects of LOKOMAT training on neuromuscular abnormalities. The effect of LOKOMAT training on muscle strength was determined by measuring isometric maximum voluntary contraction (MVC) of ankle extensor and flexor muscles. Our results indicated that the reflex stiffness, abnormally increases in SCI, was significantly reduced (up to 65%) following 4-weeks of LOKOMAT training. Similarly, intrinsic (muscular) stiffness, which also abnormally increases in SCI, decreased significantly (up to 60%). MVCs were increased substantially (up to 93%in extensors and 180%in flexors) following 4-week training. These findings demonstrate that LOKOMAT training is effective in reducing spasticity and improving muscle strength in SCI.
An ongoing debate in the field of motor control considers how the brain uses sensory information to guide the formation of motor commands to regulate movement accuracy. Recent research has shown that the brain may use visual and proprioceptive information differently for stabilization of limb posture (compensatory movements) and for controlling goal-directed limb trajectory (pursuit movements). Using a series of five experiments and linear systems identification techniques, we modeled and estimated the sensorimotor control parameters that characterize the human motor response to kinematic performance errors during continuous compensatory and pursuit tracking tasks. Our findings further support the idea that pursuit and compensatory movements of the limbs are differentially controlled.
Security requirements for the integration of emerging M2M networks in future internet of things are addressed. The heterogeneous nature of M2M devices raises new security challenges that existing proposals could not fulfill. Two entities may not be able to establish a secure end-to-end communication because of the technological gap between them and the resulting inconsistencies in their cryptographic primitives. This paper proposes a novel approach for establishing session keys for highly resource-constrained sensor nodes encountered in these M2M environments with an external server. The proposed system exploits collaboration between heterogeneous nodes by delegating heavy asymmetric cryptographic operations to a set of assisting nodes. A security analysis is conducted to verify that the proposed solution accomplishes safely and efficiently its objective.
Driver control behaviour is highly time variant. When studying the neuromuscular system of drivers in interaction with the steering wheel, the common Fourier system identification techniques are only applicable when time-invariant behaviour is assumed. This paper describes how wavelets can be used to identify time-variant neuromuscular admittance. Using the Morlet wavelet transformation, time domain signals are transformed to a time-frequency representation. A non-parametric, time-variant frequency response function can be estimated using the transformed signals. A model of the neuromuscular system of a driver controlling a steering wheel was used to generate time-variant data. This paper shows that the Morlet wavelet transformation is a valid tool for estimating accurate time-variant frequency responses of neuromuscular arm dynamics. The results of this article give us confidence that wavelet analysis can be used on experimental data, with lower signal-to-noise ratio, too. This will allow us to identify how drivers adjust their neuromuscular system during driving.
A number of different multimedia fingerprinting algorithms and identification techniques were proposed and analyzed recently. This paper presents a content identification setup for a class of multimedia data that can be modeled by the Gauss-Markov process. We advocate a constrained order statistics decoding scheme based on digital fingerprints extracted from correlated data to identify contents. Finally, we investigate the fundamental limits of the proposed setup by deriving bounds on the miss and false acceptance probabilities.
Recognition of Plane HRRP has received intensive attention in the radar signal processing. When using automatic identification techniques in the process of radar HRRP, it is more important that to reject the unknown target which is not belonging to any class of the label models. This paper introduces how to overcome such problem when dealing with a new plane sample by Support Vector Data Description (SVDD) machine. Experiments on the real radar data show the validation and feasibility of the proposed method.
Today, internet of things is on the rapid development stage. Scientific measures for supply chain performance which based on internet of things is an important content of the supply chain management. This article establishes the performance evaluation index system which based on internet of things from five aspects. They are financial, customer, business process, node coordination and information transmission, then using the AHP method and the fuzzy comprehensive evaluation method to evaluate.
Internet of Things (IoT) is coming into birth as pervasive hand-held devices, Radio Frequency IDentification (RFID), and embedded sensors connect to the Internet. IoT enables objects to interact and cooperate with each other anytime and anywhere. Owing to the new challenges imposed by IoT - search locality and real-time, searching in IoT is challenging. To explore what way is appropriate to satisfy requirements of searching in IoT, we report our undertaking project - IoT Search Engine (ISE), accompanied with our initial experimental results.
We have investigated a region identification technique for multi-dimensional adaptive control in an optical communication system. Performance of SLA is evaluated in terms of gain, power, bandwidth, extinction ratio.
A technique for identifying tumor cell images was developed that uses a joint transform correlator (JTC). Cell images taken with a digital camera are converted into luminance-intensity histograms and x-y chromaticity diagrams in the correlator system. These two-dimensional patterns are displayed on a spatial light modulator and retrieved on the JTC system. The patterns extracted from normal cell images were very different from those extracted from tumor cell images, and the two cases could be clearly distinguished on the correlator. These results confirm the feasibility of the JTC-based identification technique.
Recently the research on the technology of the internet of things has become the hot spot, and how to lead it into the management system is the most difficult. The use of EPC system in the SCM system is the hot spot in the supply chain area presently. This article has raised a conception and the basic framework of the Internet of Tings, and focused on the analysis to the Internet of Things especially the Chang Xiang SCMS, then clarify the application of principles of the EPC system in the SCM, finally interpret the details of the construction of the system and describe the implementation of the system.
The surface electromyogram (EMG) from biceps and triceps muscles of 33 subjects was related to elbow torque, contrasting EMG amplitude (EMG&#963;) estimation processors, linear/nonlinear model structures, and system identification techniques. Torque estimation was improved by 1) advanced EMG&#963; processors (i.e., whitened, multiple-channel signals); 2) longer duration training sets (52 s versus 26 s); and 3) determination of model parameters via pseudoinverse and ridge regression methods. Dynamic, nonlinear parametric models that included second- or third-degree polynomial functions of EMG&#963; outperformed linear models and Hammerstein/Weiner models. A minimum error of 4.65 ± 3.6%maximum voluntary contraction (MVC) flexion was attained using a third-degree polynomial, 28th-order dynamic model, with model parameters determined using the pseudoinverse method with tolerance 5.6 × 10$^{-3}$ on 52 s of four-channel whitened EMG data. Similar performance (4.67 ± 3.7%MVC flexion error) was realized using a second-degree, 18th-order ridge regression model with ridge parameter 50.1.
In this paper, a new identification technique for step-response model under closed-loop based on subspace approach is presented. It is well known that the lower block triangular Toeplitz matrix in subspace identification consists of impulse-response coefficients, these coefficients can be directly obtained from the collected data from experiments. The step-response model is constructed subsequently. It could be the key point for model-free predictive control. In order to estimate these coefficients in closed-loop circumstance, an orthogonal decomposition is introduced. For decreasing the variance and improving the performance of estimation, a parsimonious algorithm is used. Monte Carlo simulations are provided to illustrate the proposed method.
First-Order plus Time-Delay (FOPTD) models are extensively used to approximate systems in order to tune PID controllers. Several step and pulse response based identification and relay based identification techniques have been developed. A time domain technique using a set of frequency domain information is proposed in order to recover a model which matches the time response while capturing the system dynamics around frequencies of interest. Parameters bounds are used to robustify the estimates. Simulation and experimental results are presented to illustrate the technique.
Model based predictive control over wireless sensor and actuator networks is considered. To deal with time varying round trip latencies and data dropout it is proposed a formulation where the true open loop networked system dynamics is approximated using recursive identification techniques based on the dual unscented Kalman filter. Experimental results using a testbed show the relevance of the implemented approach.
This paper proposes a non-line-of-sight (NLOS) identification technique that exploits statistics of space-frequency correlation of multi-input multi-output (MIMO) orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) systems. Here, space correlation refers to the correlation across antenna elements and frequency correlation refers to the correlation across subcarriers. In this technique, the mean value and standard deviation of space-frequency correlation over multiple transmit and receive antenna combinations are used to identify NLOS conditions. The technique requires minimal variation of spatial correlation across different multi-path components. The channel model satisfying this requirement is studied and the performance of the proposed technique is investigated.
In recent years, disastrous earthquake assault the human frequently. The evaluation and estimate of the loss and damage in seismic disaster is an important factor for earthquake emergence and post-earthquake reconstruction decision-making. This paper synthetically designs a set of disaster real-time evaluation system based on the seismic networking of things. This paper firstly collects real-time data through the internet of things, then accesses forecasts the economic loss in earthquake by the technology of the geographic information system (GIS), earthquake loss estimation theory and the powerful computing functions of high-performance computer group. This paper also completes the deployment of IOT and the client software. The system can improve our ability to respond after the earthquake disaster and provide information for the emergency rescue command.
In this paper a conceptual model for a social media game will be illustrated. The idea is to find a way to integrate our physical and digital world in a way that will involve the environment around us containing both artifacts and people and become a natural part of our daily lives. We want to show that by integrate ubiquitous information and social media in a game idea, it is possible to create a concept for a social media game application that could be used at a tourist attraction, e.g. a zoo. The value that is received from this application is both educative for the visitors and marketing for the tourist attraction. The conceptual model of the social media game builds upon the foundations of internet of things for the future version of a tourist attraction, such as the Digital Zoo.
As the development of internet of things (IOT), massive sensors have been deployed as the public infrastructure. However, there is a bottleneck in state of the art IOT applications, which require sensors to response on abstract and complex requests similar to human natural languages. On the contrary, since sensors' service directories are unable to map their services on how users' abstract queries can be performed, sensors can only response to low-level queries with accurate and complete descriptions. To handle this challenge, in this paper, we proposed a novel ontology based method to improve sensor systems' reasoning. The key lies on any abstract terminologies can be understood by searching their ontologies descriptions. Therefore, by utilizing ontologies, abstract queries can be hierarchically decomposed into several simple queries handled by single sensors. Moreover, ontologies also imply the logical relations on the feedbacks from each single queries, and the answer can be carried out based on the equations and sensor outputs.
In the internet of things (IOT), tag, reader and sensor are invisible, but they are embedded in real-world entities, which monitor and control smart devices. A key challenge of IOT is to assure high reliability software in a scalable and dynamic computing environment for data dissemination and task cooperation among sensor nodes. To effectively manage such data delivery and sensor cooperation, sensor networks may need data dissemination and cooperation protocol, such as the Sensor Data Transmission and Cooperation Service (SDTCS), which makes it easy to deal with complicated data delivery and sensor cooperation. To support higher reliability, sensor software is often required to provide updating service pack during mission execution owing to dynamic context environment. Therefore, Dynamic Software Updates (DSU) can be effectively applied for the IOT applications. This paper presents dynamic updating approach for SDTCS IOT applications. The proposed approach consists of the following:(1)one-sink-to-one-sensor;(2)one-sink-to-k-coverage-sensor;(3) multiple-sink-to-all-coverage-sensor. Performance analysis results for the suggestion protocol with different numbers of sensor nodes, different strategies are selected, which support high reliability and seamless service for SDTCS IOT applications.
This paper presents the design, deployment and empirical study of an internet of things (IOT) system, which is used to monitor and protect the living environment of the wildlife. In order to make the system meet the needs of practical applications and adapt to the local various landform characteristic, the communication module of the system is composed to three different communication networks, which supports the protocol of IEEE 802.15.4/ ZigBee networks, IEEE 802.11b WLANs and 3G respectively. The communication cost according to various transmission devices is not equilibrium, it is necessary to design appropriate and effective transmission strategies for the heterogeneous communication network. Especially, the subnetwork constructed by the low power nodes is only powered by discharged batteries. The performance of energy-saving scheme for this type of network is very important, because it will impact on the lifetime of the whole system. Thus we introduce a power management scheme which can reduce the energy expenditure of the system effectively. The working overhead can be reduced to 53.18%under the 95.23%transmission reliability through the analysis of the experimental result.
The internet of things (IOT) has the same security requirements as traditional network, but according to the characteristics of its own, the internet of things also has some specific security features. Among these features, the flexibility of the network requires nodes to apply corresponding measures when scene changes. For example, in emergency situations (e.g. an accident occurs, and a doctor is needed), the location of the user is available, while under normal circumstances, the user's location information is confidential. This paper is in the background of the above scene to present an identity based system for personal location in emergency situations. The proposed system consists of registration subsystem, user authentication subsystem, policy subsystem and client subsystem. The system confirms the identity of the user through the user authentication subsystem and gets the level of the emergency through the policy subsystem. Then it can make sure that user's location information can be accessed only by some authorized user, and only when necessary. The proposed system strengthens the protection of the user's privacy while providing the location of the user, and prevents the disclosure of the users' information.
In this paper, a new identification technique for step-response model under closed-loop based on subspace approach is presented. It is well known that the lower block triangular Toeplitz matrix in subspace identification consists of impulse-response coefficients, these coefficients can be directly obtained from the collected data from experiments. The step-response model is constructed subsequently. It could be the key point for model-free predictive control. In order to estimate these coefficients in closed-loop circumstance, an orthogonal decomposition is introduced. For decreasing the variance and improving the performance of estimation, a parsimonious algorithm is used. Monte Carlo simulations are provided to illustrate the proposed method.
First-Order plus Time-Delay (FOPTD) models are extensively used to approximate systems in order to tune PID controllers. Several step and pulse response based identification and relay based identification techniques have been developed. A time domain technique using a set of frequency domain information is proposed in order to recover a model which matches the time response while capturing the system dynamics around frequencies of interest. Parameters bounds are used to robustify the estimates. Simulation and experimental results are presented to illustrate the technique.
Model based predictive control over wireless sensor and actuator networks is considered. To deal with time varying round trip latencies and data dropout it is proposed a formulation where the true open loop networked system dynamics is approximated using recursive identification techniques based on the dual unscented Kalman filter. Experimental results using a testbed show the relevance of the implemented approach.
This paper summarizes the concepts of IOT (the internet of things), including the structure of IOT and the implementations of IOT functions. This paper also introduces the telemedicine, including the advantages of telemedicines and the telemedicine in China. At last the paper illustrates the technologies of IOT used in medical system.
This paper proposes a non-line-of-sight (NLOS) identification technique that exploits statistics of space-frequency correlation of multi-input multi-output (MIMO) orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) systems. Here, space correlation refers to the correlation across antenna elements and frequency correlation refers to the correlation across subcarriers. In this technique, the mean value and standard deviation of space-frequency correlation over multiple transmit and receive antenna combinations are used to identify NLOS conditions. The technique requires minimal variation of spatial correlation across different multi-path components. The channel model satisfying this requirement is studied and the performance of the proposed technique is investigated.
In recent years, disastrous earthquake assault the human frequently. The evaluation and estimate of the loss and damage in seismic disaster is an important factor for earthquake emergence and post-earthquake reconstruction decision-making. This paper synthetically designs a set of disaster real-time evaluation system based on the seismic networking of things. This paper firstly collects real-time data through the internet of things, then accesses forecasts the economic loss in earthquake by the technology of the geographic information system (GIS), earthquake loss estimation theory and the powerful computing functions of high-performance computer group. This paper also completes the deployment of IOT and the client software. The system can improve our ability to respond after the earthquake disaster and provide information for the emergency rescue command.
In this paper a conceptual model for a social media game will be illustrated. The idea is to find a way to integrate our physical and digital world in a way that will involve the environment around us containing both artifacts and people and become a natural part of our daily lives. We want to show that by integrate ubiquitous information and social media in a game idea, it is possible to create a concept for a social media game application that could be used at a tourist attraction, e.g. a zoo. The value that is received from this application is both educative for the visitors and marketing for the tourist attraction. The conceptual model of the social media game builds upon the foundations of internet of things for the future version of a tourist attraction, such as the Digital Zoo.
As the development of internet of things (IOT), massive sensors have been deployed as the public infrastructure. However, there is a bottleneck in state of the art IOT applications, which require sensors to response on abstract and complex requests similar to human natural languages. On the contrary, since sensors' service directories are unable to map their services on how users' abstract queries can be performed, sensors can only response to low-level queries with accurate and complete descriptions. To handle this challenge, in this paper, we proposed a novel ontology based method to improve sensor systems' reasoning. The key lies on any abstract terminologies can be understood by searching their ontologies descriptions. Therefore, by utilizing ontologies, abstract queries can be hierarchically decomposed into several simple queries handled by single sensors. Moreover, ontologies also imply the logical relations on the feedbacks from each single queries, and the answer can be carried out based on the equations and sensor outputs.
In the internet of things (IOT), tag, reader and sensor are invisible, but they are embedded in real-world entities, which monitor and control smart devices. A key challenge of IOT is to assure high reliability software in a scalable and dynamic computing environment for data dissemination and task cooperation among sensor nodes. To effectively manage such data delivery and sensor cooperation, sensor networks may need data dissemination and cooperation protocol, such as the Sensor Data Transmission and Cooperation Service (SDTCS), which makes it easy to deal with complicated data delivery and sensor cooperation. To support higher reliability, sensor software is often required to provide updating service pack during mission execution owing to dynamic context environment. Therefore, Dynamic Software Updates (DSU) can be effectively applied for the IOT applications. This paper presents dynamic updating approach for SDTCS IOT applications. The proposed approach consists of the following:(1)one-sink-to-one-sensor;(2)one-sink-to-k-coverage-sensor;(3) multiple-sink-to-all-coverage-sensor. Performance analysis results for the suggestion protocol with different numbers of sensor nodes, different strategies are selected, which support high reliability and seamless service for SDTCS IOT applications.
With the development of scientific technology and the continuous development of economy, logistics influences daily life greatly. At the same time our country's existing logistics enterprises are good and evil people mixed up, and do not have the ability to integrate social resources as a whole. The logistics mode now actually restricts economic development to some extent. This paper firstly introduces the shortcomings of the existing logistics mode, current situation of the internet of things and discusses why we should build the fourth party of logistics platform. Secondly the paper introduces the concept of IOT and 4PL, and then analyses 4PL structure based on IOT technology. 4PL applying IOT technologies and other data processing technologies will help to improve the logistics level in our country.
To destroy a country's physical electric power infrastructure by attacking its control system through cyber means, has become an important way to weaken a country's war power. Along with the construction of next generation smart grid, development of the internet of things and appearance of system of systems(henceforth, SOS) warfare based on information systems, the complicated control networks system would confront more and more threat of cyber attack. we design the main structure and key arithmetic of the model, based on the physical electric power infrastructure whose cyber and physical system is close interdependent in order to provide theoretic reference to the analyzing and evaluating the cascading effects from increasing cyber attack to physic system. Preliminary experiments show that these structures and algorithms are reasonable and feasible.
The internet of things (IOT) has the same security requirements as traditional network, but according to the characteristics of its own, the internet of things also has some specific security features. Among these features, the flexibility of the network requires nodes to apply corresponding measures when scene changes. For example, in emergency situations (e.g. an accident occurs, and a doctor is needed), the location of the user is available, while under normal circumstances, the user's location information is confidential. This paper is in the background of the above scene to present an identity based system for personal location in emergency situations. The proposed system consists of registration subsystem, user authentication subsystem, policy subsystem and client subsystem. The system confirms the identity of the user through the user authentication subsystem and gets the level of the emergency through the policy subsystem. Then it can make sure that user's location information can be accessed only by some authorized user, and only when necessary. The proposed system strengthens the protection of the user's privacy while providing the location of the user, and prevents the disclosure of the users' information.
This paper presents the design, deployment and empirical study of an internet of things (IOT) system, which is used to monitor and protect the living environment of the wildlife. In order to make the system meet the needs of practical applications and adapt to the local various landform characteristic, the communication module of the system is composed to three different communication networks, which supports the protocol of IEEE 802.15.4/ ZigBee networks, IEEE 802.11b WLANs and 3G respectively. The communication cost according to various transmission devices is not equilibrium, it is necessary to design appropriate and effective transmission strategies for the heterogeneous communication network. Especially, the subnetwork constructed by the low power nodes is only powered by discharged batteries. The performance of energy-saving scheme for this type of network is very important, because it will impact on the lifetime of the whole system. Thus we introduce a power management scheme which can reduce the energy expenditure of the system effectively. The working overhead can be reduced to 53.18%under the 95.23%transmission reliability through the analysis of the experimental result.
To date, most Internet applications focus on providing information, interaction, and entertainment for humans. However, with the widespread deployment of networked, intelligent sensor technologies, an Internet of Things (IoT) is steadily evolving, much like the Internet decades ago. In the future, hundreds of billions of smart sensors and devices will interact with one another without human intervention, on a Machine-to-Machine (M2M) basis. They will generate an enormous amount of data at an unprecedented scale and resolution, providing humans with information and control of events and objects even in remote physical environments. The scale of the M2M Internet will be several orders of magnitude larger than the existing Internet, posing serious research challenges. This paper will provide an overview of challenges and opportunities presented by this new paradigm.
Pre-operative planning is very important in the process of a Total Hip Replacement (THR) because it is a method for determining the size and optimal implant position. Currently, a manual implant size identification technique of trial and error is used to determine the appropriate implant size for patients. This step was used repeatedly until the appropriate implant of the patient encountered and the survey found that this procedure requires a long time, and is said to be less efficient. Therefore, a digital method should be developed so that the implant size identification process can be effectively implemented. This paper will show a conceptual framework developed for THR digital pre-operative planning. This framework can be used as a guide to researchers who interested in the development of THR digital templating software.
Internet of things (IOT), as a third high tide of information industry, the safety of it has arose wide attention. To improve research and application of safe internet of things, this paper deeply researched the process of IOT's development, key technique, and frame. Based on all these above this paper analyzed safety threatens and primary prevent measure. At last, the impact of IOT to safety grade test was also analyzed, this provided some idea for the safety test of IOF.
Internet of Things is not only a platform for communication between people, but also it provides the real-time information exchange between things and things, people and things, things and people. With the popularity of the internet of things, the application services are increasing. However, those services are usually based on the user's location information, which contains user's privacy information directly or indirectly. This paper discussed on how to protect user's location privacy while providing personalized services. Proposed a strategy of pseudonym policy and user's location information acquisition, and built a model for protecting user policy of pervasive computing based on that policy.
In the past decade, internet of things (IoT) has been a focus of research. Security and privacy are the key issues for IoT applications, and still face some enormous challenges. In order to facilitate this emerging domain, we in brief review the research progress of IoT, and pay attention to the security. By means of deeply analyzing the security architecture and features, the security requirements are given. On the basis of these, we discuss the research status of key technologies including encryption mechanism, communication security, protecting sensor data and cryptographic algorithms, and briefly outline the challenges.
Childhood obesity has become a major problem around the world. In many cases children develop unhealthy eating patterns, resulting in excess energy intake, because they eat alone without their parents or teachers advice. In this paper we propose a mobile health (mhealth) platform intended to increase children's health awareness by tracking their food intake and sending proper notifications and messages based on their food choices. The platform is based on the Internet of Things concept in order to facilitate capturing food information using intelligent tags instead of doing manual entries.
Position tracking accuracy of XY table is important for precise operations in manufacturing field. On the basis of minimizing the tracking error, a linear digital tracking control system is considered. Error Filter Feedforward Zero Phase Error Tracking Control (ZPETC) is designed and used in this system. The controller is used as it has the ability to give good performance in high speed frequency. The system transfer function is obtained via system identification technique using Matlab Toolbox. The performance of the controller in reducing the tracking error using high frequency input is analyzed through simulation. The system is also tested by implementing conventional feedforward controller for comparison purposes. Both controller performances are compared and the result shows tremendous tracking performance.
Gait recognition is one of the identification techniques that can be utilized nowadays. Hence in this study the six features of anatomical of human body are evaluated as feature extraction to develop the modeling of human walking gait. In addition, the proposed model is compared with the standard stick figure model specifically during walking by focusing both thigh and knee angles. Based on analyzing walking gait with CASIA database as input, it is observed that the proposed model worked well and is comparable with the standard stick model. This confirmed that the proposed model is indeed suitable to be used for human gait analysis and recognition and will be further evaluated in the next stage of work.
Based on Medicaland Health Information technology applications in internet of things, this paper deeply researches the electronic health records standards of residents, the model of accessing electronic health records and the mode of archiving, displaying treatment data shared by the organization. On this basis, building general framework of resident health information service platform, clearing platform functional requirements, designing the interface between medical establishments and platform, as well as solution for building network among data center medical establishments community hospital are the main purposes of the essay.
With an increasing emphasis on the emerging automatic handicap personal identification applications, living fingerprint-based identification and Smart cards are receiving a lot of attention. So as to achieve secure and reliable identity verification and the tracking of documentary files and stationary, the paper presents an identity verification unit and management system based on living fingerprint identification techniques and Internet of things (IOT). Additionally, for the goal of non-paper office, the unit resolves issues, e.g., the insecurity and simplex function in traditional identification unit, by providing professional function such as electronic seal.
A reliable transmission scheme for security and protection system (SPS) based on internet of things is proposed. A cooperative transmission mechanism is designed to improve the reliability and efficiency of data services. Meanwhile, rate selection algorithm based on channel conditions is elaborated. An analytical model is introduced to evaluate performance of our proposed cooperative broadcast scheme. Simulation results indicate that the proposed scheme can significantly improve throughput performance compared to conventional scheme.
The internet of things represents this idea of identifying and equipping physical objects with digital object memories (DOMe) in an internet-link structure as a promising approach to achieve digital support in industry processes as well as in our daily life. These DOMes collect information about their status and their environment, provide a common storage place for data exchange (related to this object) and make these data available to later stakeholders of the product lifecycle chain. The need of cross-domain applications and the support for a large, heterogeneous set of memory technology types and formats demands a sophisticated architecture to bring this idea to the market. We propose a digital object memory framework that incorporates a platform for technology and format independent memory storage, a tool chain to handle DOMe-relevant tasks and actions and to provide templates to implement applications that benefit from the given data.
Internet of things (IOT) is vulnerable to malicious attacks because of opening deployment and limited resources. It's heterogeneous and distributed characters make conventional intrusion detection methodologies hard to deploy. To overcome this problem, this paper shows an intrusion detection scheme based on the anomaly mining. The paper has two parts - (i) in the first part an anomaly mining algorithm is developed to detect anomaly data of perception layer, (ii) in the second part a distributed intrusion detection scheme is designed based on the detected anomalies. Since not all anomalies are triggered by malicious intrusion, the intrusion semantic is analyzed to distinguish intrusion behaviors from anomalies. Finally our evaluation and analysis shows that our approach is accurate and extensible.
Radar-based microwave imaging shows promise as a complementary technique to assist with diagnosing breast cancer. However, the recorded signals are dominated by a reflection from the skin, dwarfing reflections resulting from internal variations such as tumours. Therefore, suppression of the skin response is a key element in microwave image formation. This work combines neighbourhood selection and skin dominant window identification techniques with an adaptive filtering algorithm, resulting in a skin suppression method that is robust to variations in both geometry and dielectric properties. The algorithm was tested on four realistic 3D numerical models of varying complexity and was proven effective at suppressing the skin response while preserving the tumour response in all cases.
This paper present a framework for semi automatic plant identification technique based on different flower and leaf images. A single feature is not sufficient for classification and recognition. Flower and leaf of different plant are different in shape, color, texture. This paper propose an algorithm for identification using multiclass classification based on color, shape volume and cell feature. Three stage comparisons: first stage compares Redness, Greenness, Blueness index feature, second stage compare shape feature and the last compare Cell feature and Volume fraction feature. Experiment is performed on a sample of diverse collection of 1000 leaf and flower images. Recognition rate is up to 85%percent on an average.
The aim of this paper is to design a fuzzy logic controller for the conical tank liquid level system. Control of liquid level in a conical tank is nonlinear due to the variation in the area of cross section of the tank system with its change in shape. The model of the process is identified using standard step response based system identification technique and it is approximated to be a first order plus dead time (FOPTD) model. The fuzzy controller is designed by gaining the error response of internal model control (IMC) based on Chien and Fruehauf's settings. From the results it is observed that fuzzy controller shows much better integral absolute error (IAE) and integral squared error (ISE) performance criteria than the conventional controller.
This paper describes a visual tyre location identification technique using a series of localised edge detection operations coupled with dynamically assigned binary search contrast adjustment to parameterise each of the tyres from a lateral viewpoint image of a vehicle undercarriage. The technique is applied to a data bank of 130 images with an 82%success rate in parameterising the near tyres and 80%success rate in parameterising the far tyres for a given image. The parameters derived from this technique can provide the basis for pose estimation algorithms to perform automatic parking and to aid mobile robots in path planning with respect to motor vehicles.
We present ELIOT, an Erlang-based development framework expressly conceived for heterogeneous and massively decentralized sensing/actuation systems: a vision commonly regarded as the &#x201C;Internet of Things&#x201D;. We choose Erlang due to the functional high-level programming model and the native support for concurrency and distributed programming. Both are assets when developing applications as well as system-level functionality in our target domain. Our design enriches the Erlang framework with a custom library for programming sensing/actuation distributed systems along with a dedicated run-time support, while we wipe off unnecessary language and run-time features. We couple the resulting platform with adhoc tools for simulation and testing, supporting developers throughout the development cycle. We assess our solution by implementing three sensor network distributed protocols. A comparison with traditional sensor network programming platforms demonstrates the advantages in terms of terseness of code, readability, and maintainability.
This paper adopts a novel approach to explore the development trajectories of automatic identification technologies by analyzing various main paths on the patent data. We retrieved the citation data on patents in automatic identification techniques from the database of USPTO (United States Patent and Trademark Office) and then built the citation network. Several main path analyses were applied on the citation network to explore the major technological development trajectories. The results clearly identify the major technological revolution paths and trends. This approach is not only useful for this application, but also very helpful for other technological fields.
This paper proved a new adaptive threshold in spherical coordinate system based on Besov space norm theory for application of the internet of things (IOT). It presented a new adaptive curve shrinkage function to overcome the limitation of translational functions. The new function could reach and exceed the true value and enhance the image edge. According to the image statistical characteristics in the spherical coordinates, to process the radial component with the new thresholds and new shrinkage function. The simulation experiments evaluated the new algorithm from the peak signal noise ratio, mean square error and running time.
Finding an accurate and easily to implement model of batteries is an essential step in properly estimating the state of charge (SOC) of the battery in real-time. In this paper, an equivalent circuit based battery model with nonlinear relationship between the open circuit voltage (VOC) and the SOC is projected into several piece-wise linear functions. Moving window Least Squares (LS) parameter identification technique is then utilized to estimate and update the parameters of the battery model in each sampling time. The continuously updated parameters are fed to a linear observer to estimate the SOC of the battery. The effectiveness of the proposed modeling and estimation approach are verified experimentally on Lithium Polymer batteries.
In this paper, a plug and play type autonomous-micro-grid system is considered. Multiple distributed generating sources (DGs) and loads interactions are considered pertaining to the stability of the micro-grid. The proposed method enables communication-less operation of each of the elements of the micro-grid system. Master-slave control of the distributed generating sources is considered in a decentralized manner to stabilize the overall micro-grid system. A novel signature frequency voltage injection method is proposed to identify the presence of master distributed generator and operation of backup distributed generator. The proposed method enables the changeover of a slave DG to a master DG in the case of failure of the primary master DG without any additional communication system, increasing the reliability of the whole micro-grid system. A detailed experimental study is carried out and the experimental results presented show the efficacy of the proposed system.
In order to correctly identify a remote target, a robust target signatures identification technique is required. Radar target identification based on complex natural resonances (CNRs) has drawn the interest of many researchers following the development of the singularity expansion method (SEM). CNRs are popular due to the fact that they are theoretically independent of the aspect angle between the radar and the target, and they form a minimal set of parameters by which the target can be identified thus assisting the classification problem. As evident from the literature, statistical techniques such as the generalized likelihood ratio test (GLRT) have produced a better identification result, in the presence of noise, compared to some other SEM based identification methods such as the extinction pulse (E-pulse) technique. In this communication, we develop yet another novel statistical method based on canonical correlation analysis (CCA) to perform target classification. Simulation results using various targets show that our method is comparable to the GLRT method in the presence of white Gaussian noise.
This paper introduces a novel technique for online system identification. Specific attention is given to the parameter estimation of dc-dc switched-mode power converters; however, the proposed method can be applied to many alternative applications where efficient and accurate parameter estimation is required. The proposed technique is computationally efficient, based on a dichotomous coordinate descent algorithm, and uses an infinite impulse response adaptive filter as the plant model. The system identification technique reduces the computational complexity of existing recursive least squares algorithms. Importantly, the proposed method is also able to identify the parameters quickly and accurately, thus offering an efficient hardware solution that is well suited to real-time applications. Simulation analysis and validation based on experimental data obtained from a prototype synchronous dc-dc buck converter is presented. Results clearly demonstrate that the estimated parameters of the dc-dc converter are a very close match to those of the experimental system. The approach can be directly embedded into adaptive and self-tuning digital controllers to improve the control performance of a wide range of industrial and commercial applications.
Assessment of the lung mechanics is crucial in lung function studies. Commonly lung mechanics is achieved through measurement of the input impedance of the lung where the experimental data is ideal for the application of system identification techniques. This study proposes a new approach for investigating the severity of lung conditions and also evaluating the treatment progression. The proposed method is established based on linear parametric identification of lung input impedance in mice and is applied to normal and asthmatic models (including acute, tolerant and chronic asthma) as well as a pharmacological intervention model. Experimental findings confirm the effectiveness of the analysis technique applied here. We discuss the potential application of this method to analyses of human lung mechanics.
The surface electromyogram (EMG) from biceps and triceps muscles of 33 subjects was related to elbow torque, contrasting EMG amplitude (EMG&#963;) estimation processors, linear/nonlinear model structures, and system identification techniques. Torque estimation was improved by 1) advanced EMG&#963; processors (i.e., whitened, multiple-channel signals); 2) longer duration training sets (52 s versus 26 s); and 3) determination of model parameters via pseudoinverse and ridge regression methods. Dynamic, nonlinear parametric models that included second- or third-degree polynomial functions of EMG&#963; outperformed linear models and Hammerstein/Weiner models. A minimum error of 4.65 ± 3.6%maximum voluntary contraction (MVC) flexion was attained using a third-degree polynomial, 28th-order dynamic model, with model parameters determined using the pseudoinverse method with tolerance 5.6 × 10$^{-3}$ on 52 s of four-channel whitened EMG data. Similar performance (4.67 ± 3.7%MVC flexion error) was realized using a second-degree, 18th-order ridge regression model with ridge parameter 50.1.
Humans actively stabilize the head-neck system based on vestibular, proprioceptive and visual information. Galvanic vestibular stimulation (GVS) has been used previously to demonstrate the role of vestibular feedback in standing balance. This study explores the effect of GVS on head-neck kinematics and evaluates the approach to investigate the vestibular contribution to head-neck stabilization. GVS was applied to 11 seated subjects using seven different stimuli (single sinusoids and multisines) at amplitudes of 0.5-2 mA and frequencies of 0.4-5.2 Hz using a bilateral bipolar configuration while 3-D head and torso kinematics were recorded using motion capture. System identification techniques were used evaluating coherence and frequency response functions (FRFs). GVS resulted in significant coherence in roll, yaw and lateral translation, consistent with effects of GVS while standing as reported in the literature. The gain of the FRFs varied with frequency and no modulation was observed across the stimulus amplitudes, indicating a linear system response for the stimulations considered. Compared to single sine stimulation, equivalent FRFs were observed during unpredictable multisine stimulation, suggesting the responses during both stimuli to be of a reflexive nature. These results demonstrate the potential of GVS to investigate the vestibular contribution to head-neck stabilization.
Recent convergence of information communications technology and sensing equipment is creating new demands and opportunities for wireless sensor networks without technological restrictions, such as cyber-physical systems and internet of things. The fast-growing number of wireless sensor networks, the variety of sensors, the different granularity of time control in cyber-physical systems, and the heterogeneous devices and networks in internet of things impose several challenges in both traditional research problems and new research agendas, such as channel estimation, network protocol design, resource management, system design, application development, integration of multiple systems, and smooth transition from legacy systems. The objective of this special issue is to gather recent advances addressing networks, systems, algorithms, and applications that support the symbiosis of wireless sensor networks, cyber-physical systems, and internet of things.
Smart grid is envisioned as a critical application of cyber-physical systems and of the internet of things. In the smart grid, smart meters equipped with wireless sensors can upload meter readings (data) to smart grid control and schedule centers via the advanced metering infrastructure to improve power delivery efficiency. However, data gathered in short intervals, such as 15 minutes, will expose customers' detailed daily activities (for example, when they get up and when they use oven) using nonintrusive appliance load monitoring. Thus, data must be hidden to protect customers' privacy. However, data accountability is still required for emergency responses or to trace back suspected intrusions, even though the data is anonymous. In addition to desired security requirements, this imposes two extra tasks: Sensors in smart meters usually have resource constraints; thus, the desired security protocols have to remain lightweight in terms of computation and storage cost. Furthermore, scalability and flexibility are required since there exist vast meters. This paper presents a lightweight Privacy-aware yet Accountable Secure Scheme called PASS which guarantees privacy-aware accountability yet tackles the above challenges in the smart grid. A formal security analysis justifies that PASS can attain the security goals, while a performance analysis verifies that PASS requires few computations, and is scalable and flexible.
When tag privacy is required in radio frequency identification (ID) system, a reader needs to identify, and optionally authenticate, a multitude of tags without revealing their IDs. One approach for identification with lightweight tags is that each tag performs pseudo-random function with his unique embedded key. In this case, a reader (or a back-end server) needs to perform a brute-force search for each tag-reader interaction, whose cost gets larger when the number of tags increases. In this paper, we suggest a simple and efficient identification technique that reduces readers computation to O(√N log N) without increasing communication cost. Our technique is based on the well-known "meet-in-the- middle" strategy used in the past to attack symmetric ciphers.
Based on frequency-domain system-identification techniques combined with an optimal model-order selection, this modeling method efficiently simulates microwave radiometers. A broadband microwave receiver (with astronomical applications) is modeled and simulated to illustrate the technique. This particular receiver is a challenging case because it samples cosmic microwave background (CMB) low-power broadband (10-gigahertz) signals over a long period.
Modeling systems based on measurements is a well established field of research and engineering practice. The techniques available to build and identify these models operate under the assumption that &#x201C;sufficiently many&#x201D; measurements are available. In most cases, the model quality improves when the number of measurements increases. Unfortunately, measurement time is expensive and in some applications it is even infeasible to increase the number of measurements. For these kinds of applications, classical modeling tools become untrustworthy and no alternatives are available. In this paper, we introduce fractional order differential equations instead of ordinary differential equations to model linear systems. The major advantage of the presented technique is that only a small number of parameters is needed to obtain a very flexible model. We propose an identification technique which replaces the ordinary differential equations by fractional order differential equations with a smaller number of parameters.
The internet of things technology can be introduced into campus-vehicle management system to solve some existing defects in safety and efficiency. Based on relevant key technologies, the paper, for all the vehicles in campus, advocates a networked warning framework which can realize the daily automatic management and safety-warning function of vehicles in campus, so as to ensure the safety of vehicles in custody.
Community identification in networks has a wide range of practical applications, including data clustering and social network analysis. We present path-sharing, a new measure of betweenness, for use in identifying densely connected clusters in networks. We show that path-sharing performs well at identifying communities in artificial benchmark networks, giving performance comparable to that of state-of-the-art community identification techniques. We also demonstrate a practical use of path-sharing when used in community identification, by applying it to an image segmentation problem.
We propose a method to automatically translate a preexisting activity recognition system, devised for a source sensor domain S, so that it can operate on a newly discovered target sensor domain T, possibly of different modality. First, we use MIMO system identification techniques to obtain a function that maps the signals of S to T. This mapping is then used to translate the recognition system across the sensor domains. We demonstrate the approach in a 5-class gesture recognition problem translating between a vision-based skeleton tracking system (Kinect), and inertial measurement units (IMUs). An adequate mapping can be learned in as few as a single gesture (3 seconds) in this scenario. The accuracy after Kinect &#x2192; IMU or IMU &#x2192; Kinect translation is 4%below the baseline for the same limb. Translating across modalities and also to an adjacent limb yields an accuracy 8%below baseline. We discuss the sources of errors and means for improvement. The approach is independent of the sensor modalities. It supports multimodal activity recognition and more flexible real-world activity recognition system deployments.
The Internet of Things (IoT) aims to interconnect our everyday life items. It provides them with information processing capabilities to enable computers to sense, integrate, present, and react to all aspects of the physical world. This move from &#x201C;interconnected computers&#x201D; to &#x201C;interconnected things&#x201D; requires simplifying the development of new applications and services by supporting interoperability among heterogeneous devices; so that the programmer can focus on the development of applications enabled by the infrastructure of IoT. Middleware is a software layer interposed between the infrastructure and the applications using it [1] that basically aims to support important requirements for these applications. This paper surveys existing middleware designed for IoT and focuses on various technical challenges in this domain.
Obstacle detection and identification and positioning one of the key technologies in the application of high voltage transmission line inspection robot. The structural characteristics of the 500kV transmission line, the robot of the obstacle detection and identification technique based on dynamic measurement technology. Through the use of Fourier calculations, to reduce the measuring robot within the millisecond precision of the calculation, but also to improve the detection accuracy, while the structure of the robot is introduced. The inspection robot can greatly improve the accuracy of the measurements used in high-voltage network, increase the security of the grid.
To be aimed at the wave, in order to understand the operating personnel in the specific location of beach. A personnel position system based on Internet of Things is designed in this paper. First, account for the wave on the beach, introduced the concept of the middleware of internet of things, the basic activities and characteristics. The system is mainly include satellites, base stations, electronic tags and a variety of terminal equipment. Read the operators body tag code by identifier read, the data transmission to the middleware module. Through process management, then transfer the data to the network layer. The server will analyze and process the data, then get the visual data display platform.
Foreign logistics enterprises use information technology and rapid reactive operation to subordinate Chinese logistics market, the logistics information technology level of our countries' enterprises increased year by year, and informationization level is also higher and higher. As the internet of things technology development, the logistics information management achieved by the internet of things and related RFID technology and GPS can solve many problems in the field of logistics. This paper designed a kind of cargo transportation management system combining RFID, GPS and GPRS technologies and its functions are as follow: RFID is used to record (into) the goods information; GPS is the orientation of the vehicle; GPRS is to transfer the corresponding data information. Each functional module uses the vehicle-mounted computer to control. The collected information was sent to remote control management center though the GPRS. Thus, they can not only manage the loading of the goods effectively, and also realize the orientation of the vehicle, which achieves the objective of discovering and dealing with the error in time, improving the management of the cargo transport efficiency and reducing the time cost.
The Internet of Things (IoT) integrates a large amount of everyday life devices from heterogeneous network environments, bringing a great challenge into security and reliability management. Recognizing that the smart objects in IoT are most likely human-carried or human-operated devices, we propose a scalable trust management protocol for IoT, with the emphasis on social relationships. We consider multiple trust properties including honesty, cooperativeness, and community-interest to account for social interaction. Each node performs trust evaluation towards a limited set of devices of its interest only. The trust management protocol is event-driven upon the occurrence of a social encounter or interaction event, and trust is aggregated using both direct observations and indirect recommendations. We analyze the effect of trust parameters on trust assessment accuracy and trust convergence time. Our results show that there exists a trade-off between trust assessment accuracy vs. trust convergence time in the presence of false recommendations attacks performed by malicious nodes. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed trust management protocol with a trust-based service composition application. Our results indicate that trust-based service composition significantly outperforms non-trust-based (random) service composition and its performance approaches the maximum achievable performance with global knowledge.
For low frequency applications, transformer model extraction has been widely investigated using both time and frequency domain data. However, the studies for high frequency transformers have been carried out in the frequency domain only. The reason is due to the complications in acquiring time domain data for high frequency transformer model estimation. This paper presents a methodology to deal with the numerical difficulties associated with time domain data collection, and to obtain a frequency-dependent model of a 3-winding flyback transformer using time domain system identification techniques. The obtained transformer model is experimentally verified.
Open-flow canals are large distributed systems characterized by non-linear, time-varying and dependent with the operating point behavior. These systems can be suitably represented for control by linear parameter varying (LPV) models. In this paper, two ways of obtaining an LPV model for a single reach open canal are proposed and compared: an LPV integrator delay zero (IDZ) model based on hydraulic laws and an LPV model based on identification techniques. The first approach is a white-box modeling approach while the latter is a grey-box methodology using experimental data. Finally, they will be applied and compared in a test-bench canal.
Applies the geospatial information technology in the internet of things field is the internet of things development inevitable trend, regardless of is in the internet of things operation stratification aspect, the management stratification aspect in the policy-making stratification aspect, all needs the geospatial information technology to take the support. This article in view of the internet of things in the logistic distribution safe allocation and the management characteristic, the analysis in the internet of things in the logistic distribution management cannot satisfy safe requests at present and so on allocation, rapid reaction, conformity transportation and tracing, elaborated the geospatial information technology (GIS, GPS, GPRS) with the RFID technology in the South China characteristic agricultural product internet of things engineering research question and with the application, introduced in the internet of things the agricultural product safe allocation platform system design and contents and so on circulation tracing architecture, and its effective integration; Proposed initially the agricultural product tracing system pattern, and has carried on the overall structural design and the system function design take the agricultural product safe allocation and the tracing as the demand.
The dependence of the CsI(Tl) scintillation time constants and intensities on the particle ionization profile is at the basis of the Charge and Mass identification technique for Light Charged Products in Intermediate Energy Nuclear Physics multi-detector arrays. The possibility of storing the digitized waveforms in true beam experiments allows performing further offline analyses and makes available a data set related to the interaction of different particle types in a wide energy range.
This paper summarizes the concepts of IOT (the internet of things), including the structure of IOT and the implementations of IOT functions. This paper also introduces the telemedicine, including the advantages of telemedicines and the telemedicine in China. At last the paper illustrates the technologies of IOT used in medical system.
Internet of things (IOT), as a third high tide of information industry, the safety of it has arose wide attention. To improve research and application of safe internet of things, this paper deeply researched the process of IOT's development, key technique, and frame. Based on all these above this paper analyzed safety threatens and primary prevent measure. At last, the impact of IOT to safety grade test was also analyzed, this provided some idea for the safety test of IOF.
Internet of Things is not only a platform for communication between people, but also it provides the real-time information exchange between things and things, people and things, things and people. With the popularity of the internet of things, the application services are increasing. However, those services are usually based on the user's location information, which contains user's privacy information directly or indirectly. This paper discussed on how to protect user's location privacy while providing personalized services. Proposed a strategy of pseudonym policy and user's location information acquisition, and built a model for protecting user policy of pervasive computing based on that policy.


The Internet of Things (IoT) integrates a large amount of everyday life devices from heterogeneous network environments, bringing a great challenge into security and reliability management. Recognizing that the smart objects in IoT are most likely human-carried or human-operated devices, we propose a scalable trust management protocol for IoT, with the emphasis on social relationships. We consider multiple trust properties including honesty, cooperativeness, and community-interest to account for social interaction. Each node performs trust evaluation towards a limited set of devices of its interest only. The trust management protocol is event-driven upon the occurrence of a social encounter or interaction event, and trust is aggregated using both direct observations and indirect recommendations. We analyze the effect of trust parameters on trust assessment accuracy and trust convergence time. Our results show that there exists a trade-off between trust assessment accuracy vs. trust convergence time in the presence of false recommendations attacks performed by malicious nodes. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed trust management protocol with a trust-based service composition application. Our results indicate that trust-based service composition significantly outperforms non-trust-based (random) service composition and its performance approaches the maximum achievable performance with global knowledge.
For low frequency applications, transformer model extraction has been widely investigated using both time and frequency domain data. However, the studies for high frequency transformers have been carried out in the frequency domain only. The reason is due to the complications in acquiring time domain data for high frequency transformer model estimation. This paper presents a methodology to deal with the numerical difficulties associated with time domain data collection, and to obtain a frequency-dependent model of a 3-winding flyback transformer using time domain system identification techniques. The obtained transformer model is experimentally verified.
Open-flow canals are large distributed systems characterized by non-linear, time-varying and dependent with the operating point behavior. These systems can be suitably represented for control by linear parameter varying (LPV) models. In this paper, two ways of obtaining an LPV model for a single reach open canal are proposed and compared: an LPV integrator delay zero (IDZ) model based on hydraulic laws and an LPV model based on identification techniques. The first approach is a white-box modeling approach while the latter is a grey-box methodology using experimental data. Finally, they will be applied and compared in a test-bench canal.
With the development of the wild Internet of things , Because of the many benefits of laser communications, laser communications network as Internet of things important means of optical networks has become an inevitable trend and urgent demand. This paper designed the 150mm optical main diameter, Laser divergence angle of 1mrad multipoint communication system. Mainly using the splitter splitting and frequency division multiplexing combined, through optical design and frequency shift keying binary method, The purpose is achieve that received the same optical signal of six channels at the same time.The laser communications systems for the internet of things development of a new device.
Video surveillance is an active research topic in computer vision. Recent research in video surveillance system has shown an increasing focus on creating reliable systems utilizing non-computationally expensive technique for detecting and observing humans' appearance, movements and activities. In this paper, we present a human identification technique suitable for video surveillance. The technique we propose includes background subtraction, foreground segmentation, feature extraction and classification. First of all, we extract all foreground objects from the background. Then, we perform a morphological reconstruction algorithm to recover the distorted foreground objects. The feature extraction is done using affine moment invariants of full body and head-shoulder of the extracted foreground objects and these were used to identify human. When the partial occlusion occurs, although feature of full body cannot be extracted, still the features of head shoulder can be extracted. Thus, it has a better classification on solving the issue of the loss of property arising from human occluded easily in practical applications. The experiment results show that this method is effective, and it has strong robustness.
A novel identification technique for lumped models of general distributed circuits is presented. The approach is based on two multi-valued neuron neural networks used in a joined architecture able to extract hidden parameters, whose convergence allows the validation of the approximated lumped model. The inputs of the neural network are geometrical parameters of a given structure, while the outputs represent the estimation of the lumped circuit parameters. The method uses a Frequency Response Analysis (FRA) approach in order to elaborate the data to present to the net.
To a great extent, the performance and robustness of automated face recognition systems are impacted by within-class variations between gallery and probe images acquired in a variety of conditions. In particular, changes of illumination and facial expression contribute mainly to these intrapersonal variations of facial images. In this paper, an effective preprocessing scheme is proposed for face recognition based on local Gabor binary pattern histogram sequence (LGBPHS). The scheme to normalize within-class variations incorporates a Gamma correction transformation and a local normalization procedure. The experimental results obtained on FERET face database show that the preprocessing scheme significantly improves the recognition performance, superior to several existing preprocessors. Furthermore, in the comparisons our method impressively outperforms state-of-art face identification techniques.
The classification performance of traditional LDA is often degraded by the fact that its separability criteria are not directly related to the classification accuracy in the output space. The fractional LDA (F-LDA) can solve the problem by more heavily weighting classes that are closer together. This paper proposes a novel face recognition method based on an ensemble of local F-LDA (ELF-LDA) classifiers. Firstly, an effective preprocessing scheme is employed incorporating a Logarithmic transformation and a local normalization procedure. Then the local block Gabor features are extracted by applying Gab or filters to each spatial block of preprocessed facial images. After that, multiple F-LDA classifiers are obtained on each local block of Gabor features. Finally, all the classifiers are fused to an ensemble classifier. The experimental results on CAS-PEAL-R1 face database show that our method significantly outperforms state-of-art face identification techniques. And it is noticeable that EFL-LDA obtains the best performance reported in the literature to the best of our knowledge.
Recently, the Internet of Things (IOT) has obtained rapid development and has a significant impact on the military field. This paper first proposes a conception of military internet of things (MIOT) and analyzes the architecture of MIOT in detail. Then, three modes of MIOT, i.e., information sensing, information transmission and information serving, are respectively studied to show various military domain applications. Finally, an application assumption of MIOT from the weapon control aspect is given to validate the proposed application modes.
Internet of things (IoT) promotes the integration and communication between physical objects, including digital objects on the IoT can automate and streamline many tasks. Current network solutions are not designed to connect a large number of co-located devices with different characteristics and network requirements. To cope with increasingly large and heterogeneous networks, this paper presents a &#x201C;goal-driven&#x201D; networking approach that optimizes the network performance by taking the network goals of all individual devices into account. A simple algorithm is described to realize the approach. Through an experimental simulation with two networks of resource-constrained embedded devices, it is shown that these simple algorithms can improve the performance of the network.
Law enforcement agencies often rely on crime pattern identification techniques to support their tactical planning. K-function analysis has been one of the most popular crime pattern identification approaches. It has been integrated with point randomization procedures to identify the level of clustering in crimes. One limitation of this integration is that it can only differentiate between a complete random pattern and a clustered point pattern. It is well known that crimes only occur in populated area and the distribution of human population is spatially heterogeneous. A complete random pattern of crimes rarely occurs. The current K-function offers little insights on the clustering levels of crimes given our prior knowledge on the distribution of processes that may have influenced the occurrence of crimes. This study integrates two controlled point randomization procedures with K-function analysis to analyze crime patterns. These two approaches are compared against the complete random pattern and results indicate that the controlled point randomization procedures can reveal detailed information on the underlying processes for point patterns. It can also take into account the underlying processes for the crimes.
In order to suppress vibration of flexible robots, the concept of controllable local degree of freedom is proposed and a physical model of flexible robot with single controllable local degree of freedom is built, with a flexible main chain and a rigid branch link. The dynamic model is established using Kane method and assumption modal method. Numerical simulation is carried out and the theoretical modification is conducted via experimental modal analysis and parameters identification techniques. The results show that the modified theoretical model is much closer to actual dynamic performance of flexible robot.
eHealth services category has a diversified set of traffic patterns and demands in terms of QoS assurances. Existing QoS solutions were designed to support only aggregated classes of service and cannot differentiate traffic based on an application's behavioral pattern. In order to improve the performance of eHealth applications for home and mobile users there is a need to develop new traffic identification techniques, which would work at the edge of the network. This paper addresses the above problem by proposing machine learning-based approach for eHealth traffic identification. We investigate different techniques which combine the results from multiple machine learning classifiers and show which combination of techniques is best suited for identifying diverse eHealth traffic. Our approach is validated in a mobile e-health application context and the results prove that multi-classification techniques can be used in practice to provide application-based service differentiation.
Today, the misuse of digital data especially images and videos become crucial with the existence of sophisticated high-tech equipment and it is available at relatively low cost. Illegal recording of movie in cinema has caused losses of millions of dollars a year. Law enforcement agencies are keen to find ways to counter illegal video recording. Current research into camera identification techniques is attracting a significant amount of attention. The main objective is to identify the camera equipment used to record digital image or video based on the data source obtained. In this paper, we propose a video camera identification technique based on the Conditional Probability (CP) Features. Specifically we focus on its performance for identification of video sources using cameras of different models. In our experiments, we demonstrate that the CP Features are able to correctly match the test video frames with their source with classification accuracy is approximately 97.2%. These findings provide a good indication that CP Features are suitable for digital video forensics.
This paper summarizes the concepts of IOT (the internet of things), introduces the different comprehensions, introduces the history of IOT, illustrates the key technologies of IOT, and describes the applications of IOT.
To date implementations of Internet of Things (IoT) architectures are confined to particular application areas and tailored to meet only the limited requirements of their narrow applications. To overcome technology and sector boundaries this paper proposes a dynamic service creation environment that employs i) orchestration of business services based on re-usable IoT service components, ii) self-management capable components for automated configuration and testing of services for things, and iii) abstraction of the heterogeneity of underlying technologies to ensure interoperability. To ensure reliability and robustness the presented approach integrates self-testing and self-adaptation in all service life cycle phases. The service life cycle management distinguishes the IoT service creation phase (design-time) and the IoT service provision phase (run-time). For test-friendly service creation (1) semantic service descriptions are employed to derive semi-automatically services and related tests, (2) and testing is systematically integrated into a Service Creation Environment. For reliable and robust service provisioning the presented system (3) forces validation tests in a sandbox environment before deployment and (4) enables run-time monitoring for service adaptation. The system under test is modelled by finite state machines (FSM) that are semi-automatically composed of re-usable test components. Then path searching algorithms are applied to derive automatically tests from the FSM model. The resulting tests are specified in the test control notation TTCN-3 and compiled to run the validation tests.
This paper presents a novel multipath routing concept for content-aware networks, enabling better resource utilization and end-to-end QoS provision. Based on random utility theory and traffic identification techniques it delves into multinomial-type probability for efficient packet distribution among intra domain paths, by exploiting the capability of edge nodes to identify the content in transit, and proposes a network architecture where this concept may be applied. We focus on the methodology alterations that content-awareness will impose on the calculation of the utility that a corresponding packet will inherit in choosing a specific path, assuming that packets of &#x201C;premium&#x201D; content will have demanding QoS-centric network &#x201C;taste&#x201D; when they will have to choose a specific path.
The source camera identification problem is concerned with the identification of the camera that has been used to generate a digital picture. A widely adopted identification technique, proposed by Lukas in [1], relies on the usage of the pattern noise left by the camera sensor as a fingerprint. This technique may perform badly when applied to images that have undergone lossy compression techniques, such as being saved as a low-quality JPEG image. In this paper, we firstly analyze the experimental performance of the identification technique by Lukas, when dealing with JPEG images saved using increasing compression rates. Then, we investigate if and how some of the enhanced sensor pattern noise extraction techniques proposed in literature are able to improve on the original technique in the considered cases. Our results show that, on a side, an increase in the compression rate of a JPEG image deeply affects the effectiveness of the identification process carried out using the Lukas technique. On the other side, we show that at least two of the considered enhanced sensor pattern noise extraction techniques succeed in recovering most part of this degradation.
The characters and the relationship of the internet of things and in-vehicle bus network were analyzed. The technical framework and communication model about vehicular ad hoc network and in-vehicle bus network based on the internet of things were proposed. The data pool in vehicle and the platform of the vehicular ad hoc networks were structured. This paper indicated the real time coupling technique between vehicular bus network and the data pool needed to be deeply researched. Mechanism of transmitting data between data poor in vehicle and vehicular ad hoc networks needed to be discussed. The routing mechanism, load proportion, and MAC protocol needed to be improved.
Position tracking accuracy of XY table is important for precise operations in manufacturing field. To achieve good performance for high speed and precision, adaptive feedforward using ZPETC is proposed. In this paper, the technique is improved by introducing Model Reference into the system. The reference model tells how the process output ideally should respond to the command signal. The system transfer functions of X and Y axis are obtained via system identification technique using Matlab Toolbox. The performance of the controller in reducing the tracking error using high frequency input is analyzed through simulation. The system is also tested by implementing the adaptive controller without model reference for comparison purposes. Both controller performances are compared and the result shows tremendous superior tracking performance.
Thevenin's model having a RC network characterizing the battery polarization is used for SOC determination. Reverse current method is proposed to decrease the polarization elimination time. And the polarization voltage of the battery model is identified using the nonlinear least square technique. A maximum available capacity based SOC determination method considering the SOC limit of each cell for battery pack in series is presented in the paper. Discussed results demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed parameter identification technique and the SOC determination method for PEV application.
First-principles predictive models based on flux-averaged transport equations often yield complex expressions not suitable for real-time control implementations. It is however always possible to reduce these models to forms suitable for control design while preserving the dominant physics of the system. If further model simplification is desired at the expense of less model accuracy and controller capability, data-driven modeling emerges as an alternative to first-principles modeling. System identification techniques have the potential of producing low-complexity, linear models that can capture the system dynamics around an equilibrium point. This paper focuses on the control of the poloidal magnetic flux profile evolution in response to the heating and current drive (H&CD) systems and the total plasma current. Open-loop data for model identification is collected during the plasma current flattop in a high-confinement scenario (H-mode). Using this data a linear state-space plasma response model for the poloidal magnetic flux profile dynamics around a reference profile is identified. The control goal is to use the H&CD systems and the plasma current to regulate the magnetic profile around a desired target profile in the presence of disturbances. The target profile is defined close enough to the reference profile used for system identification in order to stay within the range of validity of the identified model. An optimal state feedback controller with integral action is designed for this purpose. Experimental results showing the performance of the proposed controller implemented in the DIII-D tokamak are presented.
Practitioner engineers in both academic and industrial areas, are often faced with the challenge of identifying the model of a given system or process in order to setup a controller or to extract some useful information. Among the existing identification algorithms, those being numerically simple and stable are more attractive for practitioners. This paper deals with identification of state-space models, i.e., the state space matrices A, B, C and D for multivariable dynamic systems directly from test data (data-driven). In order to guarantee numerical reliability and modest computational complexity compared with other identification techniques, in this paper, we propose a synergistic identification technique based on the principal components analysis (PCA) and subspace identification method (SIM) under white noise assumptions. The proposed technique identifies the parity space-PS (or null space) from input/output data, and from there, the matrices related to the system through the extended observability matrix and a block triangular Toeplitz matrix. In order to show its capability, the proposed identification technique is applied to an academic test bed that is related to an hydraulic process.
In order to improve the level of intelligence, information and humanization of transportation system, the basic function of intelligent transportation system was analyzed. Based on the technology of radio frequency identification (RFID), global positioning system (GPS), GPRS, GIS, according to some agreements of internet of things, the intelligent transportation system connected with the internet, and carried out the intelligent recognition, location, tracking and monitoring of buses through exchanging information and communication. The intelligent transportation system mainly included the vehicle subsystem, the station subsystem and the monitoring center, and the blue print of the hardware and software of this system listed on this paper. The system designed on the paper can make most of important urban traffic with more intelligence and efficiency.
As a branch of WSN and an important part of the internet of things (IOT), the wireless body area network (WBAN) was originally created to improve the level of personal health care. And with the development of wireless technologies, the application of the WBAN has expanded to entertainment, leisure, military and other fields. So far, IEEE 802 Task Group has published a new IEEE 802.15.6 standard. The standard defines a Medium Access Control (MAC) layer supporting three Physical (PRY) layers. The three PRY layers are narrowband (NB) PRY, ultra wideband (UWB) PRY and human body communication (RBC) PRY. In this paper, the concept and applications of WBAN are introduced; comparisons between 802.11, 802.15.1, 802.15.4 and 802.15.6 are made; and a brief description about the three PRY layers specifications is given. Some existing questions and challenges the WBAN confronts are also analyzed.
This paper presents the identification technique of the personalized potential map to design the obstacle avoidance assisting control. First of all, the personalized potential map, which is considered to represent the driver's risk feeling to environment is learned by using the obstacle avoidance driving data. Next, the reference path is calculated with gradient method considering the vehicle dynamics from identified potential field, and the avoidance assisting system is realized so as to track on the obtained path. Finally, the validity of the proposed assisting system is verified.
A novel identification technique for the extraction of lumped circuit models of general distributed or stray devices is presented. The approach is based on two multi-valued neuron neural networks used in a joined architecture able to extract hidden parameters, whose convergence allows the validation of the approximated lumped model and the extraction of the correct values. The inputs of the neural network are the geometrical parameters of a given structure, while the outputs represent the estimation of the lumped circuit parameters. The method uses a Frequency Response Analysis (FRA) approach in order to elaborate the data to present to the net.
Assessment of the lung mechanics is crucial in lung function studies. Commonly lung mechanics is achieved through measurement of the input impedance of the lung where the experimental data is ideal for the application of system identification techniques. This study proposes a new approach for investigating the severity of lung conditions and also evaluating the treatment progression. The proposed method is established based on linear parametric identification of lung input impedance in mice and is applied to normal and asthmatic models (including acute, tolerant and chronic asthma) as well as a pharmacological intervention model. Experimental findings confirm the effectiveness of the analysis technique applied here. We discuss the potential application of this method to analyses of human lung mechanics.
This paper introduces a novel technique for online system identification. Specific attention is given to the parameter estimation of dc-dc switched-mode power converters; however, the proposed method can be applied to many alternative applications where efficient and accurate parameter estimation is required. The proposed technique is computationally efficient, based on a dichotomous coordinate descent algorithm, and uses an infinite impulse response adaptive filter as the plant model. The system identification technique reduces the computational complexity of existing recursive least squares algorithms. Importantly, the proposed method is also able to identify the parameters quickly and accurately, thus offering an efficient hardware solution that is well suited to real-time applications. Simulation analysis and validation based on experimental data obtained from a prototype synchronous dc-dc buck converter is presented. Results clearly demonstrate that the estimated parameters of the dc-dc converter are a very close match to those of the experimental system. The approach can be directly embedded into adaptive and self-tuning digital controllers to improve the control performance of a wide range of industrial and commercial applications.

When tag privacy is required in radio frequency identification (ID) system, a reader needs to identify, and optionally authenticate, a multitude of tags without revealing their IDs. One approach for identification with lightweight tags is that each tag performs pseudo-random function with his unique embedded key. In this case, a reader (or a back-end server) needs to perform a brute-force search for each tag-reader interaction, whose cost gets larger when the number of tags increases. In this paper, we suggest a simple and efficient identification technique that reduces readers computation to O(√N log N) without increasing communication cost. Our technique is based on the well-known "meet-in-the- middle" strategy used in the past to attack symmetric ciphers.
Humans actively stabilize the head-neck system based on vestibular, proprioceptive and visual information. Galvanic vestibular stimulation (GVS) has been used previously to demonstrate the role of vestibular feedback in standing balance. This study explores the effect of GVS on head-neck kinematics and evaluates the approach to investigate the vestibular contribution to head-neck stabilization. GVS was applied to 11 seated subjects using seven different stimuli (single sinusoids and multisines) at amplitudes of 0.5-2 mA and frequencies of 0.4-5.2 Hz using a bilateral bipolar configuration while 3-D head and torso kinematics were recorded using motion capture. System identification techniques were used evaluating coherence and frequency response functions (FRFs). GVS resulted in significant coherence in roll, yaw and lateral translation, consistent with effects of GVS while standing as reported in the literature. The gain of the FRFs varied with frequency and no modulation was observed across the stimulus amplitudes, indicating a linear system response for the stimulations considered. Compared to single sine stimulation, equivalent FRFs were observed during unpredictable multisine stimulation, suggesting the responses during both stimuli to be of a reflexive nature. These results demonstrate the potential of GVS to investigate the vestibular contribution to head-neck stabilization.
In order to correctly identify a remote target, a robust target signatures identification technique is required. Radar target identification based on complex natural resonances (CNRs) has drawn the interest of many researchers following the development of the singularity expansion method (SEM). CNRs are popular due to the fact that they are theoretically independent of the aspect angle between the radar and the target, and they form a minimal set of parameters by which the target can be identified thus assisting the classification problem. As evident from the literature, statistical techniques such as the generalized likelihood ratio test (GLRT) have produced a better identification result, in the presence of noise, compared to some other SEM based identification methods such as the extinction pulse (E-pulse) technique. In this communication, we develop yet another novel statistical method based on canonical correlation analysis (CCA) to perform target classification. Simulation results using various targets show that our method is comparable to the GLRT method in the presence of white Gaussian noise.
This study characterizes the recovery patterns of motor impairment after stroke, and uses neuromuscular measures of the elbow joint at one month after the event to predict the ensuing recovery patterns over 12 months. Motor impairment was assessed using the Fugl–Meyer Assessment (FMA) of the upper extremity at various intervals after stroke. A parallel-cascade system identification technique characterized the intrinsic and reflex stiffness at various elbow angles. We then used “growth-mixture” modeling to identify three distinct recovery classes for FMA. While class 1 and class 3 subjects both started with low FMA, those in class 1 increased FMA significantly over 12-month recovery period, whereas those in class 3 presented no improvement. Class 2 subjects started with high FMA and also exhibited significant FMA improvement, but over a smaller range and at a slower recovery rate than class 1. Our results showed that the one-month reflex stiffness was able to distinguish between classes 1 and 3 even though both showed similarly low month-1 FMA. These findings demonstrate that, using reflex stiffness, we were able to accurately predict arm function recovery in stroke subjects over one year and beyond. This information is clinically significant and can be helpful in developing targeted therapeutic interventions.
Multiphase drives are advantageous when high overall system reliability and the reduction in the total power per phase are required. The control strategies for these applications require a good knowledge of the machine parameters to ensure a high quality of the dynamic and steady-state drive performance. Multiphase machines are still not common in industry and it appears that very little work has been done so far in relation to parameter identification techniques. This paper presents and implements a procedure to estimate the parameters of a five-phase induction machine, which can be also extended to other multiphase machines with higher phase numbers. The method is based on standstill time-domain tests and recursive least-squares algorithms. Experimental results are provided to illustrate the developed identification method using tests on two different five-phase induction machines. Correlation with corresponding parameters obtained in Part 1 of this paper is established, where electrical parameters of the same two five-phase inverter-fed induction motor drives were identified using various procedures, based on sinusoidal excitation of the machine.
Multiphase induction machines (IMs) are gaining increasing interest in industry due to their numerous advantages over the conventional three-phase ones. A lot of different parameter estimation methods have been developed for three-phase IMs, but the existing literature regarding specific identification techniques for multiphase IMs is almost nonexistent at this point. This paper proposes simple offline methods to estimate the stator resistance and stator leakage inductance of multiphase IMs with distributed windings, under different conditions, utilizing the machine’s degrees of freedom associated with the nonflux/torque producing current components. Once these parameters are identified, the rotor ones can be easily calculated by combination with the total values obtained from locked-rotor tests. The procedure enables segregation of the stator and rotor parameters in a simple manner, something that is very difficult to achieve in three-phase IMs where, usually, equality of leakage inductances and a constant stator resistance are assumed. In this manner, the magnetizing inductance can be then also more accurately assessed from no-load tests, because the error in its estimation that would be caused by assuming both leakage inductances to be equal is avoided. The proposed methods are experimentally tested on two different five-phase IMs.
This paper presents an identification technique to consistently identify two-dimensional (2-D) systems with additive output noise in transfer function representation. The method is an extension of a one-dimensional instrumental variable (IV) method to two
Recursive identification techniques are used to estimate predictions for the human glucose-insulin subsystem. By replacing a constant gain with a physiologically inspired adaptation rule and adding as additional inputs the two variables ingested meal and
The internet of things and Services is a rapidly growing concept that illustrates that the ever increasing amount of physical items of our daily life which become addressable through a network could be made more easily manageable and usable through the use of Services. This paper describes an innovative web service architecture, dedicated to the Internet of Things (IoT). My main concern is to illustrates why and how to use REST architecture to structure an IoT platform.
The basic concept of &#x201C;the internet of things&#x201D; and the construction of the radio frequency identification (RFID) technology were introduced in this paper. Base on contrast of different identify methods, the application of RFID technology in &#x201C;the internet of things&#x201D; was discussed in the end.
This research aims to looks at the literature of third-party logistics, information flow, and the Internet of Things, then analyzes information flow model of third-party logistics. The paper is carried out to make analysis of information flow model of 3PL based on the environment of Internet of Things.
&#x201C;Technology stems from humanity&#x201D;, this sentence is used to symbolize our modern life. It means that the interaction between devices and physical object/human in the real world is gaining more and more attention, and it declaims a natural and intuitive methodology to employ. According to previous idea and living well, life has been a growing demand. Thus, how to raise pets in an easy way is the main issue recently. In this study, the authors focused on the system design to monitor the pets activates and to control pet eating time with the technology of the internet of things (IOT). Our system could be categorized as the realization of pet digital home technology, the implementation proved to meet pet owner's needs.
As a modern no-monitoring identification technique, clustering can be used to classify data and reveal its internal structure under the no-experience knowledge condition. Applying floating threshold to re-calculate common feature parameters based on the acoustic emission (AE) waveforms data, the input vectors of clustering algorithm are obtained. With optimized K means clustering algorithm and obtained vectors, clustering effect is significantly improved. Through applying this method on tank AE inspection data, the result shows that different type acoustic sources and different propagation route sources can be distinguished with the achieved method. Also, good denoising effect is obtained. With these, tank floor AE testing and evaluation accuracy is improved.
This paper analyzes the application of the internet of thing technology in postal logistics, prospects the potential structure of the technology of Internet of Things in postal logistics and its impact on the construction of the business model of Internet of Things. It primarily analyses the main way for the technology of Internet of Things to make profitability in postal logistics and discusses the current business models in the point of management and decision making of the industry of Internet of Things. The paper also studies the feature of the business models of Internet of Things in postal logistics combining features of new industry of Internet of Things and characteristics of the postal logistics, puts forward a viable business model, and makes a systematic exposition of the advantage of this model.
In order to improve service quality and efficiency of the current teaching management system, an application scheme based on the internet of things is proposed in the paper. And basic concepts and key technologies of internet of things are introduced as the base of its design and improvement. By using a mutual authentication method in the proposed scheme, the access defects of RFID tag and system security problems are solved. The analysis result shows that this application scheme is of more efficiency than the traditional methods of teaching management system.
To reduce the surface mining accidents related to low visibility conditions and the truck blind spots, to provide the 3D information for the truck drivers and real time monitored truck information for the remote dispatcher, the 3D assisted driving system (3D-ADS) based on the internet of things, using the GPS, the mesh-wireless networks and the Google-Earth engine as the graphic interface and mine-mapping server was developed. The research results indicate that 3D-ADS system potentially increases reliability and reduces uncertainty in open pit mining operations by customizing the local 3D digital mining map, constructing the truck 3D models, tracking vehicles in real time using a 3D interface and indicating available escape routes for driver safety.
Modal parameter identification plays an important role within damage identification strategies in the field of structural health monitoring. The identification of natural frequencies and damping ratios by means of dynamic measurements provides a good information basis for further analysis. In this paper we review the Dynamic Data System (DDS) approach using autoregressive (AR) models in order to overcome the limitations of the FFT-based methods and evaluate it using experimental data from a real analysis case. As a secondary problem, we also discuss an ARMA model order identification technique which will be used to determine an upper bound for the used AR models. Our results show that this model order is too low for the identification of almost every eigen frequency of the unfiltered measurement signature. Furthermore, the k-means clustering algorithm was used to clean up the data as well as to get the correct eigen frequency-damping ratio pair in a semi-automated way.
On the basis of the relations of (abbreviated IoT), sensor networks and ubiquitous network, we introduced the architectures and basic characteristics of IoT. We present the core technology and the trend of development.
This paper introduces the basic concepts of Internet of Things, analyzes the three layer architecture of Internet of Things and then defines and proposes a five layer architecture of Internet of Things: perceptual layer, access layer, network layer, supporting layer and application layer.
This paper presents the Scout B1-100 autonomous unmanned helicopter platform and an appropriate mathematical model for the hovering flight. The assembly of the experimental helicopter platform and its different hardware components are depicted. A dynamical model of the helicopter is derived from first principles and then linearized to obtain system description in state space. The model can be used for controller design in hovering flight. The model parameters are determined using time domain identification techniques. The identified model has been also validated.
A novel identification technique for the characterization of an electrical apparatus is presented. The approach is based on two multi-valued neuron neural networks operating in a joined architecture able to extract geometrical displacements or insulation changes, not directly accessible or measurable. The inputs of the neural system are the samples of the frequency response on a given significant band, while the outputs represent the estimation of one or more geometrical parameters or other features related to the material properties. The method uses a Frequency Response Analysis (FRA) approach in order to preprocess the data to present to the net.
Recently, biometric identification techniques have attracted great attention due to increasing demand of high-performance security systems. Compared with conventional identification methods, biometric techniques provide more reliable and robust solutions. In this paper, a novel video-based biometric identification model based on eye tracking technique is proposed. Inspired by visual attention, video clips are designed for subjects to view in order to capture eye tracking data reflecting their physiological and behavioral characteristics. Various visual attention characteristics, including acceleration, geometric, and muscle properties, are extracted from eye gaze data and used as biometric features to identify persons. An algorithm based on mutual information of features is adopted to perform feature evaluation for obtaining a set of the most discriminative features for biometric identification. Experiments are conducted by using two types of classifiers, Back-Propagation (BP) neural network and Support Vector Machine (SVM). Experimental results show that using video-based eye tracking data for biometric identification is feasible. In particular, eye tracking can be used as an additional biometric modal to enhance the performance of current biometric person identification systems.
In this paper, we describe about a developed navigation system that supports the independent walking of the visually impaired in the indoor space. Our developed instrument consists of a navigation system and a map information system. These systems are installed on a white cane. Our navigation system can follow a colored navigation line that is set on the floor. In this system, a color sensor installed on the tip of a white cane, this sensor senses a color of navigation line and the system informs the visually impaired that he/she is walking along the navigation line by vibration. This color recognition system is controlled by a one-chip microprocessor. RFID tags and a receiver for these tags are used in the map information system. RFID tags are set on the colored navigation line. An antenna for RFID tags and a tag receiver are also installed on a white cane. The receiver receives the area information as a tag-number and notifies map information to the user by mp3 formatted pre-recorded voice. And now, we developed the direction identification technique. Using this technique, we can detect a user's walking direction. A triaxiality acceleration sensor is used in this system. Three normal subjects who were blindfolded with an eye mask were tested with our developed navigation system. All of them were able to walk along the navigation line perfectly. We think that the performance of the system is good. Therefore, our system will be extremely valuable in supporting the activities of the visually impaired.
Condition monitoring and management system (CMMS) for power transmission and distribution equipments is an important part of smart grid. This paper addresses issues relating to the techniques of CMMS and its application in Yunnan Power Grid. After introducing the basic concepts and essential characters of Intelligent CMMS, many technological challenging issues of it are discussed. And engineering research and application cases in Yunnan Power Grid for develop a fully perceptive smart are also introduced in detail, including the Data Supervise System (DSS), some original methods for faults diagnosis or disaster warning, and the research project about intelligent monitoring and full lifecycle management for power transmission and distribution equipments based on internet of things. Those are helpful to improve the reliability of power grid devices and ensure the safety of Yunnan Power Grid.
This paper presents an improved method of model parameters identification in frequency-domain for closed-loop multivariable processes. Based on reference input and process output data during the closed-loop sequence step tests, the process frequency-responses are estimated with signal frequency analysis. Using a min-max critical frequency search algorithm, only a least possible number of frequency points are obtained for model fitting. Then the first order plus delay time transfer functions are determined by implementing the linear least-square method. Compared with existing methods, the proposed identification technique has the advantage of less computation burden and is easy for industrial applications. Simulation results show the simplicity and effectiveness of the proposed method.
With development of integration requirements for things' information based on different connection technology in Internet of Things, higher level connection-technology-independent protocols are needed to shield different connection technologies. Things management protocol is one of these protocols and can be used to exchange things' information. Architecture of Internet of Things and necessity of things management protocol are discussed. A SOAP-based things management protocol is designed and implemented, including operations supported, interface definitions for these operations, implementation structure and processing for this protocol.
In this paper, we consider a power-aware multimedia communications over internet of things (IoT). Specifically, we consider a generic IoT scenario where a multimedia server provides heterogeneous applications without knowing the application's quality of experience (QoE) model and playout period. Our objective aims at dynamically adjusting the power allocation for each application over a uncertain period to maximize the system overall mean opinion score (MOS). Note that the practical QoE model can be observed over time, but the underlying functional relationship between the power and MOS is unknown. The highlight of this paper is to develop a dynamic powering algorithm, in which one learns the satisfaction function and optimizes power-aware user satisfaction with on-line operation. More precisely, the proposed algorithm performance is measured in terms of loss which denotes the MOS loss compared to the optimal one. Numerical simulation results validate the efficiency of the proposed algorithm.
In the paper, we discuss a scalable, multi-purpose sensor network implementation called EfiIoT. It combines two network topologies to enhance scalability and introduce new uses, such as locally available data to subscribers. The system is designed to be put together from a variety of sensors. It supports almost any kind of user interface and supports many user bases with partially or wholly different data.
Eigenspace techniques are very popular techniques for blind channel identification, but are ones with a large complexity, cubic in the channel order. The newly introduced channel compaction is a signal processing technique that consists in using small-sized linear transformations to progressively force to zero some of the channel coefficients. As such, channel compaction was used to develop the first (and, up to now, the only) blind channel equalization technique with a quadratic complexity. In this paper, we apply blind compaction to develop a new blind identification technique, the first to have a quadratic complexity. Simulation tests show that the low-complexity compaction-based blind identification performs quite similarly to the most referenced existing eigenspace blind identification techniques.
This paper presents an analysis of applying ensemble systems in revocable biometric recognition. Biometric-based systems are the eminent future of the identification techniques and users access control. However, there is still much progress to be done in this field, specially related to systems security. One alternative to the security problem in biometric data is a technique known as cancellable biometrics. This technique consists of applying a transformation on the biometric data in order to protect the original characteristics. This work aims to investigate the use of ensembles systems in the recognition of cancellable biometrics in Iris data. The main goal is to analyse the advantages that the use of cancellable transformation functions may bring to biometric identification systems.
Our country is one of the scarce water resources in 13 countries in the world, shortage of water resources as well as the low utilization of water resources restricts our country economy developing sustainably. In order to effectively reduce the impact of inadequate water resources on China's economy, from modern agricultural cultivation and management perspective, according to the basic principles of Internet, with wireless sensor technology, this article proposes precision agriculture irrigation systems based on the internet of things (IOT) technology, and focuses on the hardware architecture, network architecture and software process control of the precision irrigation system. Preliminary tests showed this system. is rational and practical.
This paper focused on the basic framework of intelligent urban Traffic Management System Based on Cloud Computing and Internet of Things, proposed the architecture of intelligent urban Traffic Management System Based on Cloud Computing and Internet of Things. The paper made a deep research on the information monitoring based on internet of things, calculation and the intelligent modeling components and knowledge matching component. Mass calculation was realized by the application of the cloud computing platform. The system fundamentally realizes the intelligent monitoring and management of urban traffic and realizes the purpose of intelligent dredge of urban traffic.
Biometric recognition deals with recognition of an individual from distinctive anatomical and behavioural characteristics for effective identification solution. This paper presents a brief introduction on what is biometric, how it is helpful for security purposes and what are the various techniques that are being used in current scenario. A comparison has been performed for various biometric techniques.
Stepper motors suffer with skipped steps due to the occurrence of resonance and instability, under certain load conditions. Unlike in other machines, variation of torque is not reflected in the current. Hence the current measurement based position estimation techniques fail. Experimental investigations reveal that high frequency ripples are present in the current dynamics during the resonating periods. This paper proposes an identification technique which works based on ripple content during the transient period of the current rise. It is shown that resonance can be identified and compensated well before the motor misses the step through the excitation voltage. With such compensation, current measurement based estimation techniques provide accurate speed & position estimation. The paper also matches experimental results with the simulation.
This paper proposes a method for the experimental estimation of the stability margins in microwave amplifiers. The approach is based on measuring a closed-loop frequency response representing the linearization of the circuit about a steady-state solution. Critical poles of the amplifier are then obtained by applying conventional pole-zero identification techniques to the measured frequency response. As circuit parameters are modified, the evolution of these critical poles on the complex plane provides a practical way to assess the robustness of the design regarding its stability. Two types of common instabilities in microwave amplifiers are studied: low-frequency bias oscillations and parametric oscillations. For the low-frequency oscillations, the approach proposes the inclusion of an observation RF port into the amplifier bias path to experimentally obtain the critical poles of the circuit from a reflection coefficient measurement. Pole-placement techniques are then applied to increase the stability margin of detected critical resonances. For the parametric oscillations, pole-zero identification is applied to a frequency response obtained from a mixer-like characterization equivalent to the measurement of a “hot” reflection coefficient. The methodology is applied to two amplifier prototypes: an $L$-band field-effect transistor amplifier and a dual-mode WiFi-WIMAX amplifier that exhibit different kinds of unstable behavior.
The embedded computing devices deployed within the Internet of Things are expected to be resource constrained. This resource constraint not only applies to memory and processing capabilities, but the low-power radio standards utilized further constrain the network interfaces. The IPv6 protocol provides a suitable basis for interoperability in the IoT, due to its large address space and a number of existing protocols that function over IP and its flexibility. We investigate how existing IP-based network management protocols can be implemented on resource-constrained devices. We present the resource requirements for SNMP and NETCONF on an 8-bit AVR based device.
We established a regional cooperative emergency care system of ST-elevation myocardial infarction patients based on the internet of things. In this article, the current status and problems of ST-elevation myocardial infarction patient emergency care have been studied and key influence factors are found. As the results, a shorter time from symptom onset to reperfusion is achieved with improved outcomes for patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). Primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients with STEMI significantly reduces mortality and morbidity, particularly when door-to-balloon (D2B) time is &lt;; 90 min. An expedited pre-hospital diagnosis and transfer pathway was developed, with rapid reperfusion times and favorable outcomes.
Dynamic load management, i.e., allowing electricity utilities to remotely turn electric appliances in households on or off, represents a key element of the smart grid. Appliances should however only be disconnected from mains when no negative side effects, e.g., loss of data or thawing food, are incurred thereby. This motivates the use of appliance identification techniques, which determine the type of an attached appliance based on the continuous sampling of its power consumption. While various implementations based on different sampling resolutions have been presented in existing literature, the achievable classification accuracies have rarely been analyzed. We address this shortcoming and evaluate the accuracy of appliance identification based on the characteristic features of traces collected during the 24 hours of a day. We evaluate our algorithm using more than 1,000 traces of different electrical appliances' power consumptions. The results show that our approach can identify most of the appliances at high accuracy.
Model identification technique is crucial in the hypersonic vehicle design and development. In the paper, for the complicated aerodynamics characteristic and aero-propulsion coupling longitudinal model of a hypersonic vehicle, a parameter identification method based maximum likelihood criterion is proposed. Firstly, aerodynamics characteristic of hypersonic vehicle is described as 2-order nonlinear model with aero-propulsion coupling. And then, maximum likelihood criterion function is decided, and Newton-Raphson iterative method is used to solve 47 unknown estimated values by the Observed values of the velocity, the altitude, the attack angle. Finally, Simulation studies demonstrate that the proposed identification method is efficient.
This paper presents a fault detection techniques using direct wavelet transform (DWT). This fault identification technique identifies the time and type the faults occurred in an induction motor. Faults detection demonstrated in this paper include stator winding short circuit, stator winding open circuit and speed sensor fault. Both computer simulation and experimental results are presented. These results verified that DWT is a feasible technique to detect faults so that appropriate control actions can be initiated to achieve optimum output.
This paper presents a new modeling and controller design technique for the steel sheet processing line based on Hybrid Petri Nets (HPN), Mixed Logical Dynamical Systems (MLDS) expressions and system identification techniques for hybrid systems. In the steel sheet processing line, the dynamics of sheets is represented by differential equation. On the other hand, some operations such as welding of the steel sheets are described by logical formulas. HPN can harmoniously integrate these two different aspects. The HPN expression can be transformed into a suitable formulation for numerical optimization. Based on this modeling, the closed-loop control can be realized by receding horizon scheme. At the next step, control laws are extracted from the results obtained by receding horizon scheme. The method identifies probability weighted ARX (PrARX) functions as a controller. Some simulations are conducted to demonstrate that the identified controller can achieve fast and near-optimal control.
The development of amine scrubbing processes for coal and natural gas-fired power plants is essential to reduce CO2 emissions. The design of tailor-made dynamic models to predict CO2 capture in amine scrubbing processes is fundamental for optimal control operations. This paper presents the use of SIMPCA, a subspace system identification technique used to develop a dynamic empirical model for an LQG controller with integral action. Such a controller is made to attain optimal operating conditions for a CO2 capture pilot plant. Reference signals are used in conjunction with the controller integral action to bring few process outputs towards their set-points. The results illustrate the importance of reliable model prediction in order to provide desirable closed loop response and appropriate CO2 emission reduction.

With the trend of the development of global knowledge economy and lifelong learning society, the competition of lifelong learning market becomes increasingly keen. Lifelong learning units need to understand whether the courses they provide are appropriate and their students' learning effectiveness just as advertisers need to understand the market and customers. In this context, learning analytics is extremely important. Traditionally, it used the data of questionnaire after the courses to perform analysis and evaluation, however, the questionnaire survey usually was conducted at the end of the semester, and therefore the immediateness is lower and teachers couldn't adjust the content of the course and learning strategies based on their students' needs immediately. Some researchers used the data collected by LMS to conduct real-time learning analytics, nevertheless, students perform learning not just in classes, they do it when they go to libraries to borrow books, use classrooms to discuss the courses, and utilize Mobile Devices to download data and join in seminar...etc. Therefore, this study tried to combine internet of things (IOT) and the techniques of learning analytics to record and conduct the analysis of students' learning process and further enable them and schools to obtain feedbacks that they need and establish an effective lifelong learning environment.
In computer networks, fault detection and identification techniques rely substantially on analyzing a set of observed alarms generated by different network entities due to unknown failures. However, network alarms are subject to becoming lost and spurious and their information is often incomplete, ambiguous, and inconsistent. In this paper, an adaptive distributed Dempster-Shafer evidential reasoning technique is proposed to effectively reduce the negative impact of the uncertainty properties which network alarms can exhibit. Each observed alarm is perceived as a piece of evidence and as such, the incomplete and ambiguous properties can be tackled within the framework of the evidential theory. A discounting mechanism by which the observed alarms are assigned certain weights is also presented. A given weight reflects the significance of the information in the corresponding alarm. Then, the alarms are correlated by the Dempster's rule of combination and the inconsistent alarms play a limited role in the alarm correlation process since they are given lower weights. Simulations confirm that the proposed scheme has a high detection rate even in the presence of defective alarms.
In this paper a new identification technique for buried landmine objects is presented. Most of the existing supervised identification methods are based on traditional statistics, which can provide ideal results when sample size is tending to infinity. However, only finite samples can be acquired in practice. In this paper, a proposed learning method, Support Vector Machine (SVM), is applied on landmine images which have two main categories. Firstly, the 2-D images are lexicographic ordered to 1-D signals, and then the Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCCs) and polynomial coefficients are extracted from these 1-D signals or from their transforms. Secondly, the SVM is used to match the extracted features in the testing phase to those of the training phase. Experimental results show that the recognition rate for features extracted from the Discrete Sine Transform (DST) of images contaminated by AWGN, features extracted from images plus the Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) of images contaminated by impulsive noise and features extracted from images plus the DST of images contaminated by speckle noise achieve better performance compared with the other cases.
Based on the principle of parallax of binocular visual system, three-dimensional of target is acquired by a lot of images. One identification technique for three-dimensional (3D) target is proposed in this paper. The characteristic information of target is extracted and reconstructed after images which are collected in OpenCV are pre-processed; Finally, based on Support Vector Machine package, the target system is distinguished by comparing characteristic and template.
Green supply chain management of agricultural products, whose establishment of trace ability is important, but the lack of appropriate information technology supported in the past. Green agricultural supply chain trace ability system should be established to provide a guarantee with the development of the internet of things. Analysis based on the internet of things in the green agricultural supply chain applications, we can draw the following conclusions: Firstly, the internet of things has been gradually manifest advantage in the green supply chain management of agricultural products, and represents the future direction of agricultural information. Secondly, the current of the internet of things between applied research and practical applications there is a gap in the agricultural supply chain. The Internet of Things in China some of the key technology is still in training stage in the green agricultural application of supply chain management. Thirdly, physical aspects of the use of the Internet of Thing is different between different green products.
There exist common problems about the high energy consumption and lower technical ability of personnel in heating system. Internet of Things technology provides possibility for enhancing the existing decentralized, independent subsystems to the open, diverse networking monitoring platform. Based on the current status of equipments and personnel, this work will achieve dynamic management of optimal parameter in the production process of heating system with the function of operations supervision, quantitative comparison and training guidance, Then the performance of control is improved by management The concepts of internet of things are reflected from data to information, from information to knowledge, from knowledge to discerning property. Simultaneously, it also provides powerful technical support for the safe and efficient energy-saving environmental protection in the production process.
With the development of information technology and the coming of the internet of things, traffic signal control has brought new opportunities and challenges. This paper presents a method of traffic network signal control, which used to optimize traffic signal timing, reduce the delay of vehicles within the network. The method is divided into two levels: intersection control level and network control level. Intersection control level uses a dynamic programming based adaptive algorithm. Network control level uses an optimization algorithm based on conflict decision tree, using the A* algorithm, rolling optimization and feedback control strategies to enhance the real-time, reliability and robustness of the algorithm. The effectiveness of the system has evaluated through an actual traffics network simulation conducted with VISSIM. Results show that the proposed method is significantly better than the time-of-day method in travel time, average delay and other parameters.
In this paper, a data acquisition and integration platform for internet of things is proposed. The platform is developed under a cloud computing environment using context-oriented approaches. It collects sensor data from different types of sensor devices, including such as RFID, ZigBee sensors, GPS devices, temperature sensors, humidity sensors, luminance sensors, etc. First we are devoted to the study of deployment, management, and control of different types of sensors for automatic acquisition of sensor data and its related ambient information, both of which will be stored in the IoT repository in a cloud environment. Then, context-oriented mechanisms are developed to produce context data. With the devised context broker, the data retrieved from the IoT repository can be used to produce the contextual portfolio, which is annotated with semantic description. The contextual portfolio will then be stored into a cloud database as the User Portfolio. Finally, services for accessing the User Portfolio in the cloud are developed on a middleware platform, which is compliant with the OSGi standard. With the proposed platform, the acquired data is integrated into semantic contexts, which can be easily shared and reused among different mobile applications. Also, the context information can enhance mobile applications' usability by adapting to conditions that directly affect their operations.
The problem of mobile robot navigation is a broad topic and it covers a large spectrum of different methods and technologies. In this paper we will present the new concept for local navigation. The concept is based on object identification technique by means of origin fragment identification algorithm (ICPF). The main idea, theory and practical examples of object identification using ICPF are presented as main goal of the paper. One can use it for robot location and as support information in case of following local path planning. We also sketch in two different possibilities for image data measuring. The post-process of the antecedent steps can be local path planning of course.
Precise localization of an object with attached RFID tag is required for many future applications like the internet of things, augmented reality or distributed sensor networks. Especially precise medium range localization in dense multipath environments places high demands on the capabilities of RFID tags, which are severely limited concerning complexity and power consumption. Regarding range coverage, active backscatter transponders significantly reduce path loss in comparison to their passive counterparts. This is particularly important at high frequencies, which are attractive since their regulatory constraints offer larger allocated bandwidths compared to lower frequency bands. Therefore, with mm-wave transponders, ranging resolution, data throughput for RFID communication and multi user capability can be improved without accepting range limiting RF power restrictions like in ultra-wideband systems. In order to achieve a measurement range in the order of 10 m with a tag featuring limited complexity and power consumption, the switched injection-locked oscillator is proposed as backscatter transponder technology, which has already been successfully applied to lower frequency localization systems [2]. In contrast to a simple linear amplifier based approach, it offers much higher single stage gain in the order of about 60 dB when switched on. Furthermore, aliases caused by the switched operation allow suppressing passive reflections of the RFID reader's signal completely. In this paper, a complete 34 GHz FMCW RFID ranging system concept and demonstrator implementation based on the switched injection-locked oscillator are demonstrated for the first time. The theoretical expectations regarding the operation principle are verified experimentally and the performance of the demonstrator implementation is evaluated. Measurement results in an indoor multipath indoor environment deliver an accuracy of about 3 cm within a range of 1 to 6 m.
Practitioner engineers in both academic and industrial areas, are often faced with the challenge of identifying the model of a given system or process in order to setup a controller or to extract some useful information. Among the existing identification algorithms, those being numerically simple and stable are more attractive for practitioners. This paper deals with identification of state-space models, i.e., the state space matrices A, B, C and D for multivariable dynamic systems directly from test data (data-driven). In order to guarantee numerical reliability and modest computational complexity compared with other identification techniques, in this paper, we propose a synergistic identification technique based on the principal components analysis (PCA) and subspace identification method (SIM) under white noise assumptions. The proposed technique identifies the parity space-PS (or null space) from input/output data, and from there, the matrices related to the system through the extended observability matrix and a block triangular Toeplitz matrix. In order to show its capability, the proposed identification technique is applied to an academic test bed that is related to a hydraulic process.
This paper deals with the analysis of a closed-loop identification technique applied to a DC servomechanism from a passivity point of view. It is shown that the closed-loop system together with the identification algorithm can be divided into simpler subsystems easier to analyze and then, many properties related to passivity and stability can be deduced. Furthermore, it is shown that with this separation approach we have the freedom to select many controller structures, which could let to improve the performance of the identification algorithm, even in presence of perturbation signals.
With the rise of internet of things an immense number of RFID tags will be associated with different systems that require not only strong authentication protocols, but also time- and power- efficient protocols to authenticate more tags in a given time window. In current tag authentication protocols, a tag is considered authentic if the interrogators find a match to the tag's encrypted (e.g., using some hashing function) reply in the system's database. Tree-based authentication protocols provide rapid authentication by limiting the searched keys at the interrogator from O(N) to O(log(N)), where N is the number of leaves in the balanced tree. However, if one tag is compromised in such protocols, other tags will be at risk of being compromised. In this paper we propose Unique Hash Sequence Authentication (UHSA) protocol. The protocol utilizes tag-interrogator interaction, with a continuous wave (CW) sensor at the tag to cut off tags encrypted reply when the received bits are enough to determine next node in the tree without receiving the whole reply. Cutting off the encrypted reply limits the information that can be obtained by the adversary to compromise the tag. In addition, the reduction in tag reply length greatly enhances the time and power efficiency of the RFID system during the authentication process by more than 90% when compared to existing authentication protocols.
The paper proposes a method of using dots in an array as targets for photogrammetry to reconstruct the surface of a large-size flexible antenna efficiently. An analysis demonstrates the impacts of the spot size and the regional feature on the point extraction accuracy, and introduces a fitting-ellipse algorithm in this paper that eliminates the deformation and the shielding. In the feature extraction and matching processes, this article puts forward a feature identification technique based on the area and a matching algorithm depending on the order constraint. The paper closes with an experiment that shows the equipment that can measure a gossamer area of 1m×1.2m in time of less than 1s, which shows its advantages of high accuracy and high efficiency in detecting the shape of a large field.
In this paper the continuous state estimation and discrete state identification is studied using high-order sliding-mode techniques. The high-order sliding mode observer is applied for continuous state observation in a class of mechanical systems. The state information is used in a recursive finite-time parameter estimation method. The discrete state is identified using the parameter information. Simulations illustrates the workability of the proposed method.
There is significant recent interest in applying model-based control techniques to improve the energy efficiency of buildings. This requires a predictive model of the building's thermal dynamics. Due to the complexity of the underlying physical processes, usually system identification techniques are used to identify parameters of a physics-based model. We investigate the effect of various model structures and identification techniques on the parameter estimates through a combination of analysis and experiments conducted in a commercial building. We observe that a second order model can reproduce the input-output behavior of a full-scale model (with 13 states). Even a single state model has enough predictive ability that it may be sufficient for control purposes. We also show that the application of conventional techniques to closed-loop data from buildings (that are collected during usual operation) leads to poor estimates; their inaccuracy becomes apparent only when forced-response data is used for validation where there is sufficient difference among various inputs and outputs. The results of this investigation are expected to provide guidelines on do's and don'ts in modeling and identification of buildings for control.
System identification techniques have been successfully used to obtain linear dynamic plasma response models around a particular equilibrium in different tokamaks. This paper identifies a two-time-scale dynamic model of the rotational transform ι profile and βN in response to the electric field due to induction as well as to heating and current drive (H&CD) systems based on experimental data from DIII-D. The control goal is to regulate the plasma ι profile and βN around a particular target value. A singular value decomposition (SVD) of the plasma model at steady state is carried out to decouple the system and identify the most relevant control channels. A mixed sensitivity H∞ control design problem is solved to determine a stabilizing feedback controller that minimizes the reference tracking error and rejects external disturbances with minimal control energy. The feedback controller is augmented with an anti-windup compensator, which keeps the given controller well-behaved in the presence of magnitude constraints in the actuators and leaves the nominal closed-loop unmodified when no saturation is present. Experimental results illustrate the performance of the proposed controller, which is one of the first profile controllers integrating magnetic and kinetic variables ever implemented in DIII-D.
This paper presents a comparison of black-box and grey-box linear parameter varying (LPV) identification techniques to control a mechanical systems. It is illustrated by a practical example that if a physical model of a system is not available or too complicated for controller synthesis, black-box identification techniques may lead to a model and controller which achieves a reasonable performance. As an application, a black-box LPV model of a three-degrees-of-freedom robotic manipulator is identified experimentally from a sufficiently reach input-output data set. After model validation, a polytopic gain-scheduled LPV controller is designed for both models. Another LPV controller is designed based on a grey-box model. To compare the performance of the designed controllers, they are implemented on the manipulator to do a trajectory tracking task. In addition, an inverse dynamics and a PD controller are also implemented for comparison. It is shown that back-box LPV identification can potentially give reasonable performance, but not as high as grey-box modelling.
In this study, online identification of state delays is discussed. First, a novel adaptive time delay identification technique is proposed for general classes of autonomous nonlinear systems subject to state delays. As an extension, this technique is modified to design a tracking controller for general classes of nonlinear systems subject to state delays. The main novelty of this controller is that identification of unknown state delays is ensured while output tracking objective is satisfied. Extensive numerical simulations are presented that demonstrate the efficiency of the time delay identification algorithm and the tracking controller.
A miniature laser-induced breakdown spectroscopy (LIBS) sensor system for internet of things (IOT) is reported. This system is composed of a micro circuit subsystem and an optical fiber laser subsystem. Power supply, control, refrigeration, optical grating spectrometer, radio frequency identification (RFID), and ZigBee module are integrated into the micro circuit subsystem. All optical components are included in the optical fiber laser subsystem. The LIBS signals of certain tissues, such as nail, hair, etc, of the users stimulated by the infrared pulse laser can be collected, processed and transmitted by this IOT sensor system. This LIBS information can supply some healthy conditions and then be diagnosed by the remote medical experts.
This paper presents an active vibration control strategy in order to prevent resonance occurrence in marine offshore vertical riser pipe. Experimental data collected by previous research are used as an input - output data for system identification. Both Least Squares (LS) and Recursive Least Squares (RLS) methods are employed to model the dynamic response of the riser pipe at a particular speed. An auto-tuned PID controller algorithm is developed and implemented for suppression of the riser pipe's vibration. The research revealed the superiority of RLS in modeling the system with the lowest mean squared error of 0.0062. Later, the transfer function obtained by RLS identification technique was utilized within Matlab SIMULINK environment for development of the PID active vibration controller (PID - AVC) using Iterative Learning Algorithm (ILA). The iterative learning PID - AVC controller's capability in suppressing the vortex induced vibration for marine riser and its robustness was tested, verified and proven.
In this paper, an activated sludge process model is obtained using two nonlinear system identification techniques. These techniques are Nonlinear ARX Modeling and Hammerstein-Wiener Modeling. A set of raw data from an existing activated sludge process, considered as black box, two different models are obtained and compared in terms of its best fit percentage. From the result, it is concluded that the Hammerstein-Wiener Modeling technique yields better result with lower order and best fit of 91.6%.
In this paper we study the feasibility of IEEE 802.11ah radio technology for internet of things (IoT) and machine to machine (M2M) use cases. Devices in internet of things and machine to machine networks are foreseen to communicate wirelessly. Therefore, it is of foremost importance to have a reliable, low-energy wireless technology available that may be used anywhere and anytime without draining the device battery and could achieve satisfactory coverage and data rate. Here we study the link budget, achievable data rate and packet size design of the IEEE 802.11ah radio technology in different channel scenarios. System design and simulation results show that when using this technology the system parameters can be selected to satisfy in most of the cases a reliable communication link while providing better coverage and relatively comparable throughput when compared to other existing solutions like ZigBee.
The objective of this study is to devise novel cognitive interference identification techniques for UMTS and LTE networks. We apply machine learning techniques to reconstruct interference patterns using a priori system knowledge, limited user information and sparse pathloss and interference measurements. The obtained interference patterns are used to build a multi-RAT optimization procedure aiming at energy efficient operation.
In view of lack of precision in current techniques for cycle-identification in Loran-C receivers, a new method is presented for use in Loran-C receivers based on delay-locked loop trying to improve the precision of cycle- identification and describe the algorithm of the principles, design process and implementation process. Therefore, applying the DLL cycle-identification algorithm to Loran-C timing receivers, the validity and efficiency of the presented algorithm is demonstrated. Test result shows that the algorithm has higher performance of detecting the standard zero-crossing point of Loran- C pulse signal and the cycle-identification precision can really achieve ,it's performance of the algorithm is better than other cycle- identification techniques, so as to meet the requirement of modern Loran-C digital receiver designing.
Emerging and blooming internet of things (IOT) technology greatly affects backbone network development. The effects are not accurately tested or predicted yet. As a trial, some traffic characteristics profiling cases are investigated based on a gateway in IOT (IOTGW), a classical device, for data communication between IOT and backbone networks. From this investigation, some lessons of IOT effects on backbone networks are learnt by taking application, network size, data volume, etc. into account. To our knowledge, this study is the first trial to investigate the IOT effects on backbone networks from the traffic perspective.
The aim of this paper is to present a piecewise-linear Hammerstein Wiener model for the identification of variable speed Wind Energy Conversion System driven by Doubly Fed Induction Generator (DFIG). The subsystems of the wind energy conversion systems are identified individually using non linear system identification technique. The complete wind energy conversion system is modeled in matlab simulink environment and its properties are analyzed. The model is developed such that it can be suited for all types of induction generator configurations and it can also be used to study the steady state and transient state performances of Wind energy conversion system.
Shown the eigensensitivity-based finite element model updating and given its application to four storey space steel frame structure. The monitoring, experimental details and data-processing techniques, determination of dynamic characteristics are described. Finite element model of the structure was evaluated as a primer numerical model. The output-only modal identification results were used to update a finite element model of the building. Parameters of the starting finite element model were modified using an automated procedure to improve the correlation between measured and calculated modal parameters. Mention structure was build for the testing with aim comparing several identification techniques (including ambient vibration) and other various structural engineering research studies.
In this paper ANN (Artificial Neural Network) identification techniques are developed to estimate a General Electric frame 9, 116MW combined cycle, single shaft heavy duty gas turbine dynamic behaviors during loading process based on available operational data in Montazer Ghaem power plant in Karaj. Related Input and output data are chosen based on thermodynamics and first order linear models. Electrical power and exhaust gas temperature are chosen as system main outputs which can be expressed by fuel flow, shaft speed and compressor inlet guide vanes considering the ambient temperature effects. The operating condition of the gas turbine during identification procedure is considered from full speed no load to full load. Comprehensive results perform that this model outputs is closer to the experimental data than conventional NARX models and can predict system behaviors perfectly.
Cardiovascular diseases remain the main cause of death worldwide despite decades of intensive research. Understanding the role that hemodynamics play in dynamic platelet aggregation is fundamental to the development of new antithrombotic treatments able to minimise associated morbidity rates. In this paper we explore the dynamics of platelet aggregation in response to shear rate micro-gradients in vitro in a microfluidics device, and formulate dynamical linear models using system identification techniques. The proposed models provide insight into the mechanistic variables regulating platelet aggregation and warrant further work in the dynamic exploration of platelet mechanotransduction.
This paper describes a person identification technique for a mobile robot which performs specific person following under dynamic complicated environments like a school canteen where many persons exist. We use the SIFT feature for identification of a person, and create the distance dependence appearance model which expects the number of SIFT feature matches based on the distance to a person. The person following experiment was conducted using an actual mobile robot, and the quality assessment of person identification was performed.
Expanding data scale and continuous information changes are important problems that arise in application-layer of Internet of things. In this paper, we present a dynamic context-information retrieval model for solving such problems. A new model has been constructed by organizing key data located on Internet of things from the point of view of object-oriented technique. Context-aware semantic retrieval algorithm and ranking method are put forward to achieve and rank the search results. Combined with real example, the practical performance of model is analyzed. Experimental results demonstrate the meaningfulness and the efficiency of the proposed model.
Environment monitoring is the foundation of environment plan and environment protection. It has huge works, complicate and extensive sources, and need a lot of investments to do, and is difficult to perform monitoring at 24 hours every day periodically. To resolve the problem, a architecture of the internet of things of environment monitoring based on cloud computing is proposed, and a creative model named as Unified Layered Model is proposed, which combines wireless sensor network, GPS, WiFi, 3G communication, database, cloud storage, cloud computing, data mining, and service computing mode, etc. The model aims at collect and management environment monitoring data and related data, provides in time, online or offline, parallel, distributed, cross time and space environment quality monitoring, feedback and control functions.
Loop interaction is an important issue in the identification problem of multi input multi output (MIMO) processes. This paper presents a new approach to identify two input two output (TITO) processes using Relay based identification technique where interaction between the loops can be reduced to a acceptable limit. In the proposed structure two relay are inserted in the feedback loops in parallel with two proportional integral derivative (PID) controllers and operate one by one. A pair of first order transfer function models for the TITO process dynamics is identified using the proposed identification method in presence of strong loop interaction. The interaction between the loops is measured using Integral absolute error (IAE). The method is verified through simulation for two different TITO process.
Two damage detection and identification techniques are integrated in this work, including electromechanical impedance and guided waves methodologies, by using piezoelectric (PZT) patches bonded or embedded to the host structure. In particular, the electromechanical impedance has been used for identifying local damaged regions by monitoring the changes in structural mechanical properties, which are coupled with the electrical impedance of a PZT patch. In the guided wave propagation, one PZT patch acting as an actuator launches an elastic wave through the structure, which is can be measured by another PZT patch. The integration approach of these two methodologies is then straightforward because the same piezoelectric patch can be used for both methods. This integration approach is experimentally validated in this work by developing a reused and “multi-mode” sensing system for damage detection of concrete structures.
Event processing is the key part of the middleware of Internet of Things. There are some challenges in complex event processing for event cloud in internet of things, such as heterogeneous, massive data, distributed event processing and the occurrence time of each event is unknown. In order to resolve the challenges, a complex event processing method of internet of things event cloud is proposed in this paper. This is based on Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), and design an efficient Complex Event Processing (CEP) that based on query plan, which supports imprecise timestamps and resolves the problem of disorder event. The experimental study shows that this method can process disorder event and the performance of the model and approach is better than normal methods when processing large-scale event cloud in internet of things.
Image restoration algorithms are used to reconstruct the information that is suppressed when an observed image is subjected to blurring. These algorithms generally assume that knowledge of the nature of the distortion and noise contained in an observed image is available. When this information is not available and has to be directly estimated from the image being processed the problem becomes one of blind deconvolution. This paper makes use of a novel blur identification technique and a noise identification technique to perform blind deconvolution on single images that have been degraded by a Gaussian blur and contain additive white Gaussian noise.
The mining industry is seeing a bright future with a high demand for minerals and relatively high material prices. Much of this is driven by the rapid industrial expansion in countries such as China and others. However, even though the mining business seems promising, there are some important issues that must be addressed in order to maintain a cost-effective and competitive edge. Worker and environment safety, working conditions, are very important issues. Another issue is attracting skilled personal to work in the deep mines of the future. Today, the mining industry has problems hiring personnel, due to hazardous working environments and re-locating to the distant regions. If the workers' safety could be increased, attracting skilled personnel would become one less problem. Rock bolts and shotcrete are in use today to reinforce tunnel walls, and expensive measurement devices are used in order to monitor seismic activity and rock stress. However, by not having real-time monitoring of rock bolts makes it difficult to monitor them. A better approach would be to make rock bolts intelligent and have them measure stress and seismic activity. Furthermore, by connecting the rock bolts to a network, real-time monitoring of them is made feasible. In this paper, we propose the merger of the Internet of Things (IoT) approach with traditional rock bolts, thereby allowing online monitoring of rock bolt status. This enables an increased possibility to enhance work safety by being able to detect anomalies on the rock earlier, thereby giving workers and machinery an earlier alarm to evacuate hazardous locations in the mine.
Compact thermal models and modeling strategies are today a cornerstone for advanced power management to counteract the emerging thermal crisis for many-core systems-on-chip. System identification techniques allow to extract models directly from the target device thermal response. Unfortunately, standard Least Squares techniques cannot effectively cope with both model approximation and measurement noise typical of real systems. In this work, we present a novel distributed identification strategy capable of coping with real-life temperature sensor noise and effectively extracting a set of low-order predictive thermal models for the tiles of Intel's Single-chip-Cloud-Computer (SCC) many-core prototype.
Visions such as the internet of things require vast amount of sensors distributed in our environment that strongly rely on circuits that are energy autonomous. However, design of such circuits is a challenge that is currently done by experts only. The challenge is to cope with circuit level design and even technology while designing an application. Unfortunately, tools and methods that support cross-layer and cross-domain optimizations are missing.1
Stability assessment of three-phase AC distributed power systems can be carried out using d-q impedance and admittance models of the load and source subsystems. To do so, an impedance identification technique of three-phase voltage source inverters, based on the transient response to reactive and active power steps, have been recently reported. However, in the reported work, no method to evaluate the accuracy of the identification results, in frequency domain, has been described. In this paper, a method to determine the bandwidth where the model can be confidently identified, as well as the identification accuracy within such a bandwidth, is proposed. This method is based on a spectral analysis of the transient waveforms. It is illustrated and discussed using a simulation case study.
There is no special study on the security architecture of internet of things based on 4G communication, the integration of wireless sensor network and the 4G network is also at the beginning stage, in this case, this paper in view of the actual need, we design a kind of security framework for internet of things based on 4G communication, and compare this method with several existing methods through experiments. The experimental result shows that, our method is greatly increasing the communication speed for internet of things, and almost hasn't reduced the safety performance, so it has a degree of application value.
Multivariable Output Error State Space (MOESP) and Numerical algorithms for Subspace State Space System Identification (N4SID) algorithms are two well known subspace identification techniques discussed in this paper. Due to the use of robust numerical tools such as QR decomposition and singular value decomposition (SVD), these identification techniques are often implemented for multivariable systems. Subspace identification algorithms are attractive since the state space form is highly suitable to estimate, predict, filters as well as for control design. In literature, there are several simulation studies for MOESP and N4SID algorithms performed in offline and online mode. In this paper, order selection, validity and the stability for both algorithms for model identification of a glass tube manufacturing process system is considered. The weighting factor α, used in online identification is obtained from trial and error and particle swarm optimization (PSO). Utilizing PSO, the value of α is determined in the online identification and a more accurate result with lower computation time is obtained.
In this paper, security and power consumption of wireless Personal and local area network systems are compared. For this reason the most widely used wireless communication standards, WLAN (IEEE 802.11), Bluetooth (IEEE 802.15.1), ZigBee (IEEE 802.15.4), WirelessHART and UWB, are subjected for security and power consumption comparisons. In particular Machine to Machine (M2M) and internet of things (IOT) definitions are called a promising application areas supposed to appear in the industry in near future. Thus, this paper studies the technologies, which takes place in M2M and IOT communications, in order to provide an insight into their application areas.
form only given. In this talk, recent efforts in the integration of IPv6 into the the Internet of Things (IoT), with emphasis on legacy system support and the coexistence strategy for the management of heterogeneous technologies and architectures. These integration efforts will be presented over some environments and instantiation that are devoted for support Smart Cities scenarios like efficient energy management, or intelligent transport systems and the use of the data gathering capabilities over new decision support system based on the IoT integration.
Smart or active materials expand or deform as a response to external pressure, temperature, or electromagnetic field. The most commonly used active material in actuators is piezoelectric as it relates the electric field to mechanical compression and elongation. However, mathematical modeling of such actuators is tedious and complicated because of the nonlinear behavior. Therefore, there is a need to employ appropriate identification algorithms in order to capture the modeling process of such actuators. In this paper, ultrasonic transducer that is used in ultrasonically assisted machining is adopted as a case study. A component-based model for the piezoelectric is derived and the dynamic response is analyzed. Then, two identification techniques, ARX and ANN, are used to obtain models that mimic the system's dynamic response with minimal error.
Typical challenges that manufacturing enterprises are facing now are compounded by lack of timely, accurate, and consistent information of manufacturing resources of shop floor. Recent developments in wireless sensors, communication and information network technologies have created a new era of the internet of things (IoT). In this paper, an overall architecture of the IoT-enabled manufacturing execution system is presented to provide a new paradigm by extending the techniques of IoT to manufacturing field. Under this architecture, the manufacturing things such as operators, machines, pallets, materials etc. can be embedded with sensors to interact with each other. And the real-time data driven monitoring and optimization for IoT-based sensible production process can be achieved to improve shop-floor productivity and quality, reduce the wastes of manufacturing resources, cut the costs in manufacturing logistics, reduce the risk and improve the efficiency in cross-border customs logistics and online supervision, and improve the responsiveness to production changes.
A numerical method is developed to evaluate the dynamic stability parameters of aircraft. This method is based on the aerodynamic model proposed by Etkin. His model is analyzed and generalized. After giving the specific forms of the aerodynamic model, the dynamic stability parameters are determined by the unsteady flow field computation and a parameter identification technique. Numerical experiments show that this method is accurate in predicting the dynamic stability characteristics of blunt cones in hypersonic flight.
Matching people across nonoverlapping camera views at different locations and different times, known as person reidentification, is both a hard and important problem for associating behavior of people observed in a large distributed space over a prolonged period of time. Person reidentification is fundamentally challenging because of the large visual appearance changes caused by variations in view angle, lighting, background clutter, and occlusion. To address these challenges, most previous approaches aim to model and extract distinctive and reliable visual features. However, seeking an optimal and robust similarity measure that quantifies a wide range of features against realistic viewing conditions from a distance is still an open and unsolved problem for person reidentification. In this paper, we formulate person reidentification as a relative distance comparison (RDC) learning problem in order to learn the optimal similarity measure between a pair of person images. This approach avoids treating all features indiscriminately and does not assume the existence of some universally distinctive and reliable features. To that end, a novel relative distance comparison model is introduced. The model is formulated to maximize the likelihood of a pair of true matches having a relatively smaller distance than that of a wrong match pair in a soft discriminant manner. Moreover, in order to maintain the tractability of the model in large scale learning, we further develop an ensemble RDC model. Extensive experiments on three publicly available benchmarking datasets are carried out to demonstrate the clear superiority of the proposed RDC models over related popular person reidentification techniques. The results also show that the new RDC models are more robust against visual appearance changes and less susceptible to model overfitting compared to other related existing models.
Switched-mode converters are often the key to operating various electronic systems in everyday life. This means that the reliable operation of the converters is of prime importance and that the functioning must be verified during both the design phase and production. Recent studies have shown that the converters can be fully characterized by a set of frequency responses that can be efficiently used to validate the operation of the converters and analyze the related systems. Several methods have been proposed for quickly and accurately measuring the frequency responses, but surprisingly, the use of multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) identification techniques has not been considered. Applying MIMO identification techniques, the operating conditions of a converter can be kept constant during the frequency-response measurements, and the overall measurement time can be further shortened. This paper reviews the techniques and proposes an implementation setup. The presented techniques provide efficient means to characterize the switched-mode converters during one measurement cycle. The methods can be used for example in field-programmable gate-array-based controller implementation and in fast online analysis. Experimental measurements are shown from a high-frequency switched-mode converter.
Stepper motors suffer with skipped steps due to the occurrence of resonance and instability, under certain load conditions. Unlike in other machines, variation of torque is not reflected in the current. Hence the current measurement based position estimation techniques fail. Experimental investigations reveal that high frequency ripples are present in the current dynamics during the resonating periods. This paper proposes an identification technique which works based on ripple content during the transient period of the current rise. It is shown that resonance can be identified and compensated well before the motor misses the step through the excitation voltage. With such compensation, current measurement based estimation techniques provide accurate speed & position estimation. The paper also matches experimental results with the simulation.
This paper presents a novel approach to the coherency identification technique in interconnected power system using independent component analysis (ICA). The ICA is applied to the generator speed and bus angle data to identify the coherent areas of the system. The results of the application of ICA using simulated data from 16-machine 68-bus system model and on data gathered through U.K. University-based Wide-Area Measurement System are presented. The approach is able to identify the cluster of generators and buses following a disturbance in the system. It is also demonstrated that the approach is robust in the presence of noise in measured signal, which is an important factor to be considered for assessing the effectiveness of any measurement-based technique.
We consider the problem of blind identification and equalization of single-input multiple-output (SIMO) nonlinear channels. Specifically, the nonlinear model consists of multiple single-channel Wiener systems that are excited by a common input signal. The proposed approach is based on a well-known blind identification technique for linear SIMO systems. By transforming the output signals into a reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS), a linear identification problem is obtained, which we propose to solve through an iterative procedure that alternates between canonical correlation analysis (CCA) to estimate the linear parts, and kernel canonical correlation (KCCA) to estimate the memoryless nonlinearities. The proposed algorithm is able to operate on systems with as few as two output channels, on relatively small data sets and on colored signals. Simulations are included to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed technique.
Microcontrollers play a vital role in embodying intelligence into battery-powered everyday objects to realize the internet of things (IoT). The desirable attributes of such a microcontroller and the like include high energy and area efficiency, and robust error-free operation under dynamic voltage scaling (DVS), workload, process, voltage, and temperature (PVT) variation effects. In this work, a synchronous-logic (S 8051) and a quasi-delay-insensitive asynchronous-logic (A 8051) 8051 microcontroller core are designed and fabricated for full-range DVS from nominal VDD to deep sub-threshold. The performance of the S 8051 and A 8051 are largely comparable at nominal conditions and the entire DVS range, but differs when PVT and workload are varied. At nominal VDD, both the microcontroller cores feature comparable energy and speed, with the electromagnetic interference of the A 8051 ~ 12 dB lower and the area ~ 2 × larger than the S 8051. When DVS is applied, both the microcontroller cores feature comparable energy and speed; the S 8051 requires simultaneous adjustment of clock frequency with VDD. At wide PVT variations, up to ~ 12 × delay margins are required for the S 8051, whereas the A 8051 operates at actual speed. When the workload of both microcontrollers is varied, the A 8051 features lower energy dissipation per workload due to the exploitation of its asynchronous-logic protocols. For IoT applications that incur wide PVT and workload variations, A 8051 is more suitable due to its self-timed nature, whereas when PVT and workload variations are less severe, S 8051 is more suitable due to a smaller IC area.

Prevalent adaptive modulation and coding (AMC) techniques can facilitate the flexible strategies subject to the dynamic channel quality. It would be quite intriguing for one to build a blind encoder identification technique without spectrum-efficiency sacrifice for AMC transceivers. In this paper, we make the first-ever attempt to tackle the blind nonbinary low-density parity-check (LDPC) encoder identification given a predefined encoder candidate set over the Galois field mathds{GF}(q) for q-ary quadrature amplitude modulation (q-QAM) signals. Our proposed method establishes the log-likelihood ratios (LLRs) of syndrome a posteriori probabilities (APPs), which specify the potential correctness of the underlying parity-check relations, and identifies the nonbinary LDPC encoder leading to the maximum average LLR over the candidate set. Monte Carlo simulation results verify the effectiveness of our proposed new scheme.
In non-linear system identification, results from traditional non-parametric identification techniques contain both linear and non-linear contributions. When Gaussian excitation signals (including random-phased multisines) are used, the non-linear contributions are noise-like and therefore not easy to distinguish from environment noise and measurement noise. In contrast, when excitation signals based on binary maximum-length sequences (m-sequences) are used, a particular property of the sequences results in the non-linear contributions being structured. It is shown in this study that it is possible to take advantage of this structure by using a median-based averaging technique, rather than the more traditional arithmetic mean-based averaging, to obtain better identification performance.
Practitioner engineers in both academic and industrial areas, are often faced with the challenge of identifying the model of a given system or process in order to setup a controller or to extract some useful information. Among the existing identification algorithms, those being numerically simple and stable are more attractive for practitioners. This paper deals with identification of state-space models, i.e., the state space matrices A, B, C and D for multivariable dynamic systems directly from test data (data-driven). In order to guarantee numerical reliability and modest computational complexity compared with other identification techniques, in this paper, we propose a synergistic identification technique based on the principal components analysis (PCA) and subspace identification method (SIM) under white noise assumptions. The proposed technique identifies the parity space - PS (or null space) from input/output data, and from there, the matrices related to the system through the extended observability matrix and a block triangular Toeplitz matrix. In order to show its capability, the proposed identification technique is applied to an academic test bed that is related to a hydraulic process.
As the important technology of the internet of things, the development and application in agriculture of wireless sensing technology were analyzed. Crop model has more advantages in providing management decisions. The yield forecast performance of crop model is superior to that of traditional statistical model or expert system from the angles of interpretability, mechanism and accuracy. The idea of studying and constructing maize water and nitrogen optimal management model based on wireless data and crop model was put forward. Finally, the system design goals, research contents and methods, and technical route were discussed.
Constructing a radio map is one of essential steps for fingerprint-based localization. A lot of time and efforts are necessary to construct a radio map that covers a large area. Moreover the radio map should be updated when there is a severe change in Wi-Fi environments of a service area. In this paper, we develop a Wi-Fi fingerprint collecting system, QRLoc, to reduce such collection efforts. QRLoc collects Wi-Fi fingerprints with the help from smartphone users and Quick Response (QR) codes (or short-range tag identification technique) attached at fixed walls or pillars across a service area. The key idea of QRLoc is to automatically collect fingerprints when smartphone users scan QR codes attached at known and fixed locations such as signs and posters. QRLoc can address the motiveless problem of users in collecting WiFi fingerprints because the contributions are made in an unobtrusive manner from the user's ordinary activity like capturing QR codes.
Magnetorheological (MR) dampers are semi-active control dampers that use MR fluids to provide controllable damping characteristics. MR dampers have proven to be more effective than passive dampers in protecting civil structures during seismic events. While passive dampers have been thoroughly analyzed and understood by researchers, active and semi active dampers are still under investigation by many researchers. MR dampers added protection is achieved by adjusting the damping characteristics of the device so as to minimize structural dynamic loads. Models of the MR dampers highly nonlinear and difficult to adapt for active control, therefore, in this work, the MR damper model presented by Spencer et al will be solved numerically to obtain force-velocity data points. The data obtained from numerical solution of the damper model will be used to construct a linearized state-space model for control purposes. The state space model is obtained via system identification techniques and its agreement with the nonlinear model is discussed.
This paper presents the modeling and control of an MR damper installed between the ground and first floor of a 5-story base isolated building. The building structural model is derived from a benchmark structure model using ETABS. The MR damper model considered is derived from Bouc-Wen Hysteresis model proposed by Spenser et al [1], and several other authors. System identification technique is used to derive a simple 4th order nonlinear model that best approximates the dynamics of the actual MR damper. The dynamic behavior of this simple model is tested and validated over a wide range of inputs and proved to be very representative of the Bouc-Wen Hysteresis model. A Kalman filter is designed to best estimate the state of the structure-damper system for the purpose of feedback implementation. An LQG based controller is designed to control the MR damper under dynamic loads. The effectiveness of this control strategy over a wide range of historical earthquakes is demonstrated. Accelerations and drifts at all building floors are computed and plotted. The controlled and uncontrolled results are compared and significant improvement in the MR damper performance is demonstrated.
The paper utilizes techniques commonly used in the system identification dynamic systems behavior using output-input data to an unknown dynamic system. The identification techniques are based on nine inputs and one output. The system is applied to a financial time series that represent the historical prices of gold. The nine inputs are the technical indicators calculates form the historical data of open, high, low, close, and volume of trading the gold while the output is the forecasted value of the closing price of gold. Nonlinear Identification techniques used in this paper include wavelet Network, Sigmoid Network and Tree Partition. The purpose of the identification techniques is come up with a dynamic system model “either a transfer function or State-Space model” that is capable of predicting the values of the output “close”. The data is split into estimation set and verification set. The estimation group is used in determining the best possible model that can predict the verification set of data. The highest match obtained was 92%. Details on the modeling techniques as well as the effect of each input on the output are also presented in this paper. Simulation results are utilized to examine the accuracy and integrity of the model proposed.
In order to improve the computer hardware courses teaching quality under the Internet of things era, based on the analysis of the inadequacies of computer-related hardware course teaching, We put the computer hardware curriculum group construction as the target, discuss on system structural adjustment and optimize of computer hardware course group, and give some suggestions for computer hardware course teaching.
Paper presents performance comparison of palm print identification techniques based on fractional coefficients of transformed palm print edge image using three transforms namely Cosine, Haar and Kekre. In transform domain, the energy of image gets concentrated towards low frequency region; this characteristic of image transforms is used here to reduce the feature vector size of palm print images by selecting these low frequency coefficients in transformed edge images. Three image transforms applied on palm print edge image and 7 ways of taking fractional coefficients along with five different edge detection methods give total 105 variation of proposed palm print identification method. Experimentation is done on a test bed of 1000 palm print images (500 left and 500 right).Genuine acceptance rate is considered for performance comparison. The experimental results in Cosine and Haar transform have shown performance improvement in palm print identification using fractional coefficients of transformed images. In all edge detection methods, canny is proven to be better. In all Cosine transform gives best performance having maximum GAR value for canny edge detection method with 0.097% of fractional coefficients considering both left and right palm print images.
RFID and sensor network are the foundation technologies of internet of things. With the wide applications of RFID, many new modeling and optimization problems have emerged. The research situations on these new problems about two aspects of RFID technology and applications are surveyed in this paper. The main problems include: RFID reader network placement optimization; tag load balancing of readers; data allocation optimization of RFID tag memory; anti-collision algorithms in reading a lot of tags; RFID system ROI analysis and investment decision; Business Process Reengineering problems within RFID applications; inventory control optimization in supply chain with RFID; new problems of item-level management with RFID, dynamic information and quick response with RFID, and so on. The research and solution of these problems will provide the theoretical support to resource optimal allocation and economic efficiency enhancement with RFID applications in practices.
By subspace identification technique, this article investigates the problem of control variance performance monitoring for multivariable systems. Based on LQG benchmark, an improved strategy is developed to overcome the deficiency of the conventional LQG benchmark based methods in practical applications. The multivariable system is first decomposed into multiple multi-input single-output (MISO) subsystems. Then the LQG benchmark is respectively obtained for each subsystem and the corresponding variance performance assessment indicator is yielded. The performance monitoring result of the overall system can finally be derived by weighting to each subsystem's assessing indicator. Simulation example illustrated the validity of the proposed method.
This paper presents identification technique of minimum phase component from acoustic transfer function between two inputs and sound source, where two acoustic path transfer functions are analyzed as unknown system in beamforming structure. Analysis shows that total component value from two acoustic path transfer functions can be obtained by adding two estimate values by adaptive FIR filter on separate applications of minimum phase filter and inverse minimum phase filter in beamforming structure. Based on this, it will be shown that a separate application of minimum phase filter and inverse minimum phase filter can provide a solution to identify minimum phase term of unknown system.
With the development of the social economy, more and more appliances have been presented in a house. It comes out a problem that how to manage and control these increasing various appliances efficiently and conveniently so as to achieve more comfortable, security and healthy space at home. In this paper, a smart control system base on the technologies of internet of things has been proposed to solve the above problem. The smart home control system uses a smart central controller to set up a radio frequency 433 MHz wireless sensor and actuator network (WSAN). A series of control modules, such as switch modules, radio frequency control modules, have been developed in the WSAN to control directly all kinds of home appliances. Application servers, client computers, tablets or smart phones can communicate with the smart central controller through a wireless router via a Wi-Fi interface. Since it has WSAN as the lower control layer, a appliance can be added into or withdrawn from the control system very easily. The smart control system embraces the functions of appliance monitor, control and management, home security, energy statistics and analysis.
The internet of services (IoS) and the internet of things (IoT) will significantly change the engineering and operation of future information systems and the economy as a whole. The convergence of IoS and IoT empowers new types of software-intensive systems which, among others, facilitate real-time observation and adaptation of intra and cross organizational processes.
In this paper, we propose U-health system that enhances reliability in order to possibly diagnose patient's condition and judge abnormal sign or emergency situation by applying the disease-identification algorithm. In addition, the proposed system enhances speed by allowing family and medical-institution practitioners to possibly confirm the identified result through the disease identification technique algorithm, by using smart phone anytime and anywhere.
An amplitude multiplexing technique for identifying Hammerstein systems with static nonlinearities is presented in this paper. The input signal to the Hammerstein system is amplitude multiplexed, and the output of the Hammerstein nonlinearity is approximated by a continuous piecewise affine function. The Hammerstein nonlinearity is assumed to pass through the origin. Using this identification technique, we show that, in the presence of zero-mean, colored output noise, the estimates of the Hammerstein nonlinearity and the impulse response of the linear plant are asymptotically correct up to a scalar factor.
Autonomous microsystems often operate under both strict power and energy constraints and substantial environmental variation. To improve sensing and control performance, parameter identification techniques can be useful if they may be implemented within an appropriate power budget. While it is well known that identification algorithm performance depends on sampling rate, for energy minimization sensor power models and rates of parameter adaptation can also significantly influence optimal sensor usage. In this paper, an empirical, simulation-generated model is found for parameter error of recursive least square identification of a prototypical second-order linear continuous system as a function of sampling rate, number of samples, and sensor noise density. This model is coupled with representative power models of certain common sensing circuits used in microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) to recommend optimal sensing schemes for low-power parameter identification. A case study of a walking micro-robot is presented.
This paper addresses the problem of the identification of discrete-time switched linear MIMO state space systems. The methodology proposed explores the use of subspace identification techniques, clustering and classification of data to estimate the quantity, a matrix representation of the sub-models and an estimate of the instants of switching of the system. An important feature of the algorithm is that the matrices of the different sub-models can be directly combined because they are obtained for the same base states. The efficiency of the developed method is illustrated using a numerical simulation.
We present applications for network monitoring based on intelligent communication platform that can also be used to support various usage scenarios related to future internet of things. Applications presented include real time DSL access line monitoring and IPTV monitoring, correlated with lightning reports. The solution is used in the field of proactive monitoring, enabling the operator's helpdesk and field technical teams to pinpoint the cause of service degradations.
Today there are more sensors and actuators in isolated intranets of things than in the overall internet of things (IoT). This paper discusses the motives to open up an intranet of things and make the things part of the global IoT, identifies the requirements from the involved parties, and extracts the essential architectural implications from these requirements. The proposed solution comprises the definition and control of Access Rights to the discovery and use of Virtual Objects (VO). This approach builds upon the widely accepted view that Virtual Objects serve as digital representation and gateway to Real World Objects (sensors, actuators, etc), and where VO databases serve to find these virtual counterparts. The Access Rights determine not only who may use a function of a Virtual Object and the conditions for that access, but also determine their discoverability when searching the database of virtual objects counterparts. Access Rights solve important requirements for security, privacy, and accountability, that are prerequisite to the expected economic and innovation benefits of an internet of things across organisational domains. Since verification of Access Rights to a VO plays a central role in the deployment of the IoT the scalable implementation with semantic technologies remains a challenge.
The demand on more efficient structures has increased the use of lightweight flexible structures in industrial applications. The main objective of this work is to suppress vibration at the free end of a single-link rotational robot subjected to fast movements. The control architecture is made up of two independent control loops; the first loop is employed to control the position of the hub and the second loop is used to attenuate the vibration of the arm. The position control of the hub is achieved through a proportional integral derivative (PID) controller with feedforward gains. The active vibration control (AVC) is achieved implementing two different controllers. An observer-based state-feedback controller and an H∞ suboptimal controller. These are used to damp the first resonance frequency of the system. A pair of piezoelectric patches is used as actuator. The system is considered as a cantilevered beam, and its model is obtained using black box system identification techniques. The inertial force induced by the movement is considered for the second loop as a transient disturbance at the measure point. The arm with a payload is subjected to different joint trajectories, which excites the free vibration mode of the arm at the end of the movement. Experimental results show the effectiveness of the observer-based state-feedback controller and suboptimal H∞ controllers for the rejection of this unwanted vibration. The controllers are capable of suppressing the disturbance in a short period of time.
The internet of things (IoT) has been emerging as the next big 'thing' in Internet. It is envisioned that billions of physical things or objects will be outfitted with different kinds of sensors and actuators and connected to the Internet via heterogeneous access networks enabled by technologies such as embedded sensing and actuating, radio frequency identification (RFID), wireless sensor networks, real-time and semantic web services, etc. IoT is actually cyber-physical systems or a network of networks. With the huge number of things/objects and sensors/actuators connected to the Internet, a massive and in some cases real-time data flow will be automatically produced by connected things and sensors. It is important to collect correct raw data in an efficient way; but more important is to analyze and mine the raw data to abstract more valuable information such as correlations among things and services to provide web of things or Internet of services. This special issue features recent and emerging advances IoT architecture, protocols, services and applications. More than one hundred papers were received and peer-reviewed, out of which thirty five papers were selected for publication, which cover topics including sensors and devices for IoT, efficient communications and networking for IoT, security and privacy in IoT, crowdsensingand crowdsourcing, localization and tracking, services and applications, and IoT data modeling and management. The first set of five papers discuss IoT sensor and device related issues. The second set includes fourteenpapers about efficient communications and networking for IoT. Security and privacy is another important aspect in IoT. Five papers focusing on IoT security and privacy were selected. Four papers concentrating on tracking and localization were selected and three more papers about IoT data modeling and management were included in this special issue. Finally, there were three papers which presented new IoT services and applicati- ns.
The lighting industry has been going through fundamental digital revolution: with light sources going for LED, drivers going digital, and control going networked. This revolution creates the flush of energy-efficient and modern-designed home lights, and also frees up the way of using lights together with the proliferation of smart devices, sensors, and internet of things. The control of lights becomes fast and rich-flavored, going beyond on/off, dimming, to color (or color temperature) change and scene setting, with intelligence to react to human mood and activity, and adapt to environments. To fully explore the benefits of the new generation lights, the last hop (x10 meters) connectivity is key. ZigBee Light Link (ZLL) [1] gives the lighting industry a global communication standard for interoperable and very easy-to-use consumer lighting and control products. It allows consumers to gain wireless control over all their LED fixtures, light bulbs, timers, remotes and switches. Products using this standard will let consumers change lighting remotely to reflect ambiance, task or season, all while managing energy use and making their homes greener.
Increasing sales and demand in the electronics industry involve increases in products and output in production lines. This phenomenon suggests complexity as well as lack of control and poor management of production lines. An unmanageable system in the production line leads to problems in production management. An example of this problem relates to the quantity of output in each production line. Output level is an important consideration in production management for monitoring, controlling, and updating information on the condition and the location of the production floor. This study introduces several engineering management system for real-time monitoring, controlling, and updating information by integrating radio frequency identification (RFID) systems with wireless network. In this study, a combination of passive and active RFIDs with an embedded controller board was designed according to specific functions and operation modules under Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) platform. Ease in implementing the system provides companies an ideal solution for fast and convenient monitoring of manufacturing and distribution activities. These integrated modules are used in automated, wireless-readable, sensory-based identification techniques and Web-based monitoring, thereby enhancing reliability and providing more functionalities.
Goal of this study was to verify the usability of a novel linear parameter varying (LPV) identification technique for the identification of time-varying joint impedance. Quantification of neuromechanical parameters describing joint impedance improves understanding of human movement control and is of clinical relevance for diagnostics and treatment monitoring of patients suffering from movement disorders. For large rotations and/or changing activation of the muscles linear time invariant (LTI) identification techniques no longer suffice because the parameters describing the system are not constant over time. To identify joint impedance over a large working range nonlinear or time variant identification techniques are thus required. Time-variant damping and stiffness of the human wrist joint were estimated in a pilot experiment. The proposed method performed well, as shown by high VAF values indicating the suitability of LPV subspace identification for describing time-varying joint impedance.
This paper proposes an identification technique of a human standing controller. The dynamics of a human is approximated by the macroscopic relationship between the center of mass and the zero-moment point. The standing controller is modelled by a piecewise-linear feedback, which was originally developed for humanoid robots. In the previous work, the authors found a qualitative similarity of the model to an actual human behavior observed in a phase space, and the next challenge was to identify the controller from those data. A difficulty is that the observed dynamics is a piecewise system due to the unilaterality of reaction forces, so that the identification is not straightforward. It is not trivial how to detect the switching point in each motion locus and how to find the trust region of the supposed model. The recursive-least-square (RLS) method, which can present the deviation of identified parameters and that of the reliability of the results, helps to estimate the trust region with a returning computation process. Through the identification, the validity of the proposed method was verified. More study about the availability of the COM-ZMP model and the piecewise-linear controller for the analyses of the human standing control is also reported.
In this paper an identification procedure for an FET analytical model oriented to μm- and mm-wave applications is presented. It is based on low-frequency large-signal measurements to determine with a high level of accuracy the nonlinear current source parameters. In addition, vector intermodulation measurements are used for the identification of the strictly nonlinear dynamic effects of the intrinsic device. As case study, the identification technique is applied to a 0.15-μm GaAs pHEMT. The extracted model is validated through comparison with nonlinear measurements carried out under conditions different from the ones used for model identification. A very good agreement with measurements has been achieved, despite the small number of data used to determine the model parameters.
Model-based control are affected by the accuracy of dynamic calibration. For industrial robots, identification techniques predominantly involve rigid body models linearized on a set of minimal lumped parameters that are estimated along excitatory trajectories made by suitable/optimal path. Although the physical meaning of the estimated lumped models is often lost (e.g. negative inertia values), these methodologies get remarkably results when well-conditioned trajectories are applied. Nonetheless, such trajectories have usually to span the workspace at large, resulting in an averagely fitting model. In many technological tasks, instead, the region of dynamics applications is limited, and generation of trajectories in such workspace sub-region results in different specialized models that should increase the predictability of local behavior. Besides this consideration, the paper presents a genetic-based selection of trajectories in constrained sub-region. The methodology places under optimization paths generated by a commercial industrial robot interpolator, and the genes (i.e. the degrees-of-freedom) of the evolutionary algorithms corresponds to a finite set of few via-points and velocities, just like standard motion programming of industrial robots. Remarkably, experiments demonstrate that this algorithm design feature allows a good matching of foreseen current and the actual measured in different task conditions.
The wide-spread deployment of phasor measurement units (PMUs) in the large electric power system (EPS) will allow the implementation of wide area control algorithms effectively through the use of identified models. However, this would be possible only if, such system is accurately represented by its equivalence. The work in this paper addresses equivalent model representation using model identification techniques. The identified model with speed difference between the generators in the system as output signal is shown to retain significant oscillatory modes of the actual large EPS.
With the fast development of information gathering and intelligent computing technologies, and the broad applications of internet and mobile communication network, internet of things industry has become the core field of a new round of information industry reform. Since the technology innovation of IOT industry has developed faster than that of business modes, the innovation levels of technology innovation and business modes innovation do not match with each other, the development of IOT industry in China faces the problems of lacking effective business modes innovation and ways of industrial promotion. Based on the identification of the coupling fields of technology innovation and business modes innovation in IOT industry, this thesis builds the cause and effect feedback loop between technology innovation and business modes innovation in IOT industry, and then establishes the system dynamics model to study the coupling relations between the two kinds of innovations.
With rapid progress in recent years, the concept of internet of things (IoT) has been widely accepted and applied in different areas with various commercial products. In this paper, the combination method of IoT products and social network service (SNS) is studied and the result shows this kind of combination not only helps the introducing of IoT products to general public, but also benefits in business operation and IoT product promotion.
The authenticity and reliability of iris recognition-based biometric identification system is well-proven. Traditional iris recognition methods use expensive feature extraction algorithms and complex-valued IrisCodes that may hinder the development of a fast identification technique for multimodal biometric system. In this paper, a new set of computationally efficient real-valued features is proposed for recognition of iris patterns using the two dimensional higher-order Gauss-Hermite moments. The IrisCodes generated from the zero-crossings of these moment-based features are capable of capturing hidden nonlinear structures and are potentially invariant to distortions of iris patterns. Experimental results conducted on a generic data set consisting of iris images obtained from two well-known databases show that the proposed method provides encouraging performance. In particular, an acceptable recognition performance in terms of probability of detection for a given false alarm rate may be achieved by the proposed method with a significantly low-level of computational complexity.
The use of mathematical models in describing the dynamics of circadian clock in the plant Arabidopsis thaliana is gaining popularity. Models used to describe the plant circadian clock are usually derived from laws of physics and they comprise complex nonlinear ordinary differential equations. In this paper, we build mathematical models of the core loop of plant circadian clock using system identification techniques. This core loop involves two main genes (proteins), i.e. LHY/CCA1 and TOC1. Models obtained using system identification techniques are usually simple, sufficient to describe the relevant dynamics of the system and often are able to provide physical interpretation about the system. The obtained models through system identification can be useful for control design and prediction in the event for which we want to do phenotype manipulation and for understanding the behaviour of the system respectively.
In this paper, we applied several types of predictor-based system identification technique to various systems such as electronics, process industry, biomedical, and heating system in order to compare its performance. The PBSID technique shows the best performance with consistent identification, which is based on the Kalman observer calculated from the Riccati equation. The observer matrix is guaranteed to be stable even the original system is unstable regardless with the fact that the identified system is under open or closed loop. Its effectiveness is demonstrated with simulation using the Matlab?.
In this paper, an adaptive Self-Tuning Regulator is proposed to control an autonomous bicycle kinematics. The model used for describing the dynamics of the bicycle is Whipple's bicycle model. The roll (lean) and the steer angle of the bicycle the two outputs of the model and the torques across the roll and steer angle as the two control variables. The identification technique used in here is recursive least square identification and the proposed control strategy is state feedback control with the controller gain calculated using linear quadratic regulator. The autonomous bicycle was tested for varying velocities and it was observed that the adaptive controller gives a good control action of the bicycle model not just within the stable velocity region but outside it as well.
Fatigue driving is a serious problem for human life and economy. In this paper, an alertness of fatigue driving estimating system was designed based on the internet of things with personal computer, 6410-ARM developed platform and the combination of GPS, GPRS and Zibgee peripheral modules. We also proposed the framework of algorithm, which is called dynamic sliding window detection, to distinguish level of fatigue state. With the real-time communication between monitoring center and vehicle terminal, it is able to keep the local and remote alarm, monitor vehicle information in remote, and deliver early warning signal to other vehicle around.
A control system, using a TMS320F28035 as the main control chip, for a sinusoidal wave BLDC motor in applications of range hoods is proposed to realize speed automations, noise reductions and energy efficient usages. In the proposed control system, the control module of BLDC motors is based on an IPM intelligent system, and the software based on sinusoidal wave controlled SVPWM. An anti-saturation PI algorithm is introduced and implemented. The rotor position is determined from software identification technique and the introduction of leading angles in commutation processes to obtain the maximum output torques in a maximal exciting current. The experimental results have demonstrated that that the prototype system is an efficient, low noise, intelligent, low cost one.
Web robots also known as crawlers or spiders are used by search engines, hackers and spammers to gather information about web pages. Timely detection and prevention of unwanted crawlers increases privacy and security of websites. In this paper, a novel method to identify web crawlers is proposed to prevent unwanted crawler to access websites. This new method suggests Five-factor identification process to detect unwanted crawlers. This work provides the pretest and posttest results along with a systematic evaluation of web pages with the proposed identification technique versus web pages without the proposed identification process. The outputs of logistic regression analysis for both treatment and control groups are provided to evaluate hypotheses and to answer the research questions. An experiment is performed with repeated measures for two groups with each group containing the same web pages. The main goal of this work was to address the challenge of identifying and preventing unwanted web crawlers by proposing a novel defense mechanism with identification process.
Biometric identification technique like offline signature verification and recognition is now a day considered as one of the important personal identification method used to identify the individual. Feature extraction is the best technique which preserves the essential information of the input image. In this paper we propose offline signature verification based on Transform domain feature such as gradient, coherence and dominant local orientation. The acquired image is resized to bring all the signatures into a uniform size. The images are thinned using morphological process. The DWT technique is applied on signature images to get LL, LH, HL and HH subbands. The directional information feature is computed from the subbands. The directional features and textural features are concatenated to form the feature vector. The Feed Forward ANN tool in MATLAB is used for classification and verification. The results of False Rejection Rate (FAR), False Acceptance Rate (FAR) and Total Success Rate (TSR) are obtained for GPDS-960 database. A total of 360 images are used for training and testing. It is observed that the values of FRR, FAR and TSR are improved compared to the existing algorithms.
Automatic identification techniques are present to provide information about persons, animals, things and products in shipment. Forgetting a wallet or a mobile phone, keys, USB drives etc is a common occurrence for most people, and a system which will help us remind about these things could be a beneficial one. The proposed paper, make use of Bluetooth technology to aid human memory, specifically to help people and the objects which they tend to forget. This involves configuration of the Bluetooth as master or slave, to scan for Bluetooth devices and receive their unique ID. This method is helpful for Bluetooth and non-Bluetooth devices, hence the flexibility of the system is increased thereby effectively reducing the entire size and cost of the system. ReFinder has been designed using Bluetooth modules in order to miniaturize the device and reduce the power consumption. The HC-05 BT module is used to implement the ReFinder. This work explored an alternative means of gathering information about the things which we tend to forget using Bluetooth technology. The system is potentially more effective aiding a person's memory.
Spoken language and speaker identification has been attracting the researchers across the globe for past several decades. Language identification shares certain similarities with speaker identification; however they both differ from each other in certain aspects. Both language identification and speaker identification problems have till now been dealt with feature extraction techniques like MFCC, PLP, LPCC etc. In this paper, a new feature extraction technique is proposed. Radon transform (RT) is proposed to be used for feature extraction after obtaining the spectrogram from the speech sample. PCA has been used to achieve dimension reduction and to reduce the computational complexity. The performance of the proposed method has been compared for existing identification techniques in the field of language and speaker identification.
The purpose of this paper is to explore the ability of the system identification technique in detecting a specific gas at a constant concentration level by a single sensor. Metal oxide semiconductor (MOS) gas sensor is used due to its wide range of applicability in gas monitoring systems. Using the Batch computer method, 115 outputs were recorded with sampling time of 0.57 Sec at a concentration level of 2600 (ppm) for Methanol, Ethanol, and Bethanol gases. Appling the estimated model, each gas was successfully distinguished.
In order to correctly identify a remote target, an efficient and robust target signature identification technique is required. Radar target identification based on complex natural resonances (CNRs) has drawn the interest of many researchers following the development of the singularity expansion method (SEM). As evident from the literature, statistical techniques such as the generalized likelihood ratio test (GLRT) have produced a better identification result, in the presence of noise, compared to some other SEM-based identification methods such as the extinction pulse (E-pulse) technique. However, one of the issues related to a resonance based target classifier is that it requires the commencement of the late time period for the unknown target response to be determined accurately in order to avoid false alarms during target classification process. For automatic target recognition (ATR) applications, usually such information is not known a priori. In view of this problem, a modified GLRT technique that utilizes time–frequency analysis is presented in this paper. The improved GLRT method does not require prior knowledge of the beginning of the late time period for the transient response of the unknown target. Simulation results using various targets show that our method is comparable to the original GLRT technique when the commencement of the late time period for the unknown target response is correctly determined and outperforming the original GLRT technique when the commencement of the late time period for the unknown target response is incorrectly determined.
Technologies to support the Internet of Things are becoming more important as the need to better understand our environments and make them smart increases. As a result it is predicted that intelligent devices and networks, such as WSNs, will not be isolated, but connected and integrated, composing computer networks. So far, the IP-based Internet is the largest network in the world; therefore, there are great strides to connect WSNs with the Internet. To this end, the IETF has developed a suite of protocols and open standards for accessing applications and services for wireless resource constrained networks. However, many open challenges remain, mostly due to the complex deployment characteristics of such systems and the stringent requirements imposed by various services wishing to make use of such complex systems. Thus, it becomes critically important to study how the current approaches to standardization in this area can be improved, and at the same time better understand the opportunities for the research community to contribute to the IoT field. To this end, this article presents an overview of current standards and research activities in both industry and academia.
Describes the above-named upcoming special issue or section. May include topics to be covered or calls for papers.
Ultralow-voltage (ULV) CMOS will be a core building block of highly energy efficient electronics. Although the near- or sub-Vth operation is effective in reducing energy per operation of CMOS circuits, its slow operation speed can miss a chance to be used in many applications. The silicon-on-thin-buried-oxide (SOTB) CMOS is a strong candidate for the ul-tralow-power (ULP) electronics because of its small variability and back-bias control. This paper describes our results on the ULV operation of SRAM and ring oscillator (RO) circuits and shows the operation speed is now sufficiently high for many ULP applications. The “Perpetuum-Mobile” micro-controllers operating at ～0.4 V are expected to be implemented in many applications such as the internet of things.
In this paper a technique for obtaining accurate parametric models of wideband frequency domain systems is applied to modeling the frequency response of power transformers. Obtaining accurate frequency response models is a problem for conventional identification techniques, and typically results in ill-conditioning due to the frequency range and numerous resonant modes of the transformer. ‘Frequency Localising Basis Functions’ improve the conditioning of the estimator, and hence provide a more accurate fit. The location of these functions are optimized using Particle Swarm Optimization, and applied to frequency response data taken from a power transformer. A case study is undertaken on a 132kV, 60MVA power transformer.
A natural yet relatively unexplored way to classify hand gestures is to first count the number of fingers identifiable in a hand image. Feature variations introduced through imperfect hand segmentation or unconstrained gesture input hampers the performance of present boundary-based finger identification techniques. In this paper, we describe an adaptive parameterless procedure that strategically decomposes hand boundary into meaningful finger tip and wrist segments. Experimental results showed that a Fourier based approach to decomposing boundaries outperforms Least-Squared based methods in the presence of simulated variances. This way of hand modelling builds up to a solid foundation for robust untrained hand gesture classification.
Water has become a scarce resource for agro-based economy of Pakistan. In this work, we derive channel models for regulation in irrigation canals using system identification techniques. System identification models are computationally inexpensive and accurate for simulating water profiles. We take inspiration from recent developments in control of large-scale irrigation networks and perform experimental identification of distributory irrigation channels in Pakistan. The channel models are estimated and validated on operational data from Khaira Distributory off BRB Link Canal, Lahore. Our results show that system identification techniques capture the efficacy of canal models appropriately and will play a vital role in building accurate models for controlled irrigation canals in Pakistan1
The numbers and use of Genome-Scale Reconstructed Metabolic Networks (GSRMN) have been increasing in recent years. Comparing and identifying matching metabolites, reactions, and compartments in GSRMNs can be difficult due to inconsistent naming in GSRMNs. In this paper, we propose metabolite & reaction identification techniques for GSRMNs (by matching metabolites & reactions to corresponding metabolites & reactions in different models. We employ a variety of techniques that include approximate string matching, similarity score functions and filtering techniques, all enhanced by a set of rules based on the underlying metabolic biochemistry. The proposed techniques are evaluated by an empirical study on four pairs of GSRMNs, and significant accuracy gains are achieved using the proposed metabolite & reaction identification techniques
Physical-layer identification utilizes unique features of wireless devices as their fingerprints, providing authenticity and security guarantee. Prior physical-layer identification techniques on RFID tags require non-generic equipments and are not fully compatible with existing standards. In this paper, we propose a novel physical-layer identification system, GenePrint, for UHF passive tags. The GenePrint prototype system is implemented by a commercial reader, a USRP-based monitor, and off-the-shelf UHF passive tags. Our solution is generic and completely compatible with the existing standard, EPCglobal C1G2 specification. GenePrint leverages the internal similarity among the pulses of tags' RN16 preamble signals to extract a hardware feature as the fingerprint. We conduct extensive experiments on over 10,000 RN16 preamble signals from 150 off-the-shelf RFID tags. The results show that GenePrint achieves a high identification accuracy of 99.68%+. The feature extraction of GenePrint is resilient to various malicious attacks, such as the feature replay attack.
Flood water level prediction using system identification technique is still new area for most of the researchers. This is due to the dynamics of the flood water level itself that is often characterized as highly nonlinear. Thus, it is quite a challenging task to represent the flood water level behavioural in mathematical expressions. This paper presents flood water level modelling using MISO (Multiple Input Single Output) ARX (Autoregressive Exogenous Input) structure and cascaded Neural Network model for performance improvement. In this paper, the transfer function relating the input parameters and output parameter was identified with the aid of MISO ARX model. The input and output parameters are based on real time data obtained from Department of Irrigation and Drainage Malaysia. However, the MISO ARX performance result is not quite impressive to look into. Hence, Neural Network model is cascaded to the MISO ARX model to improve the result. Simulation results show that the proposed cascaded model provides improved prediction performance.
The present work, propose a system for vibration signal analysis of 3-phase induction motor when controlled by Variable Frequency Drive (VFD), in process control operation. The motors used in process control operation are subjected to dynamic speed along with load variations, thus most often fault occurs in rotating elements such as bearing. In literature, various bearing fault identification technique has been proposed with the help of time and frequency domain based features, most of these technique were tested in laboratory under fixed rotating speed and or fixed load. On the other hand influence of external vibration on the vibration signature not been studied in depth, which are very important mainly for the motors used in process plant. The present study revealed that identification of bearing faults harmonics with the help of accelerometer sensor during operation becomes difficult due to dynamic variation of speed, load, and mostly presence of non-stationary background vibrations, therefore some intelligent condition monitoring system is required for robust identification of faults.
Human face is not a reliable biometric feature for identification due to several degree of freedoms like pose, expression, illumination, age, picture quality etc whereas finger print is more reliable biometric feature for authentication. Besides, finger print quality depends on pressing pressure and sharpness of ridges. These two biometric features can be easily collected from human body. This paper presents a merging technique with these two biometric features and identifying a human using cross correlation process. For experimental purpose we use Yale illumination varying cropped face database and for finger print we take FVC2004, DB1_B.zip (4.5MB) - Set “B” of Database 1.
The Internet of Things (IoTs) has been considered one of the very promising technologies for the implementation of Smart Grid. First, main features of information and communication systems in Smart Grid are abstracted; the applications of IoTs in Smart Grid are analyzed and classified based on the different function. Then, based on the characters of smart grid systems, reference architecture for Smart Grid IoTs is introduced. Second, main security issues and information security protection requirements of Smart Gird IoTs are well studied. Considering the function of the IoTs application, IoTs in smart grid are classified into three areas with different importance, including electrical industrial control IoTs; gird information collection and process IoTs, and IoTs for power consumer interaction. And classified protection framework of internet of things security is described. The proposed framework can guide the security deployment for Smart Grid IoTs applications. Finally, trusted secure access control system for IoTs terminals is designed for the security protection of Internet of Things in Smart Grid.
This paper is devoted largely for building a novel approach for human recognition using eye movement analysis. Velocity and dispersion threshold based fixation identification algorithms are employed for processing the raw scan path signals in oculo-motion matrices. A new hybrid intelligent model is deployed for classification over data retrieved from scan-path signals. Experimental results demonstrate the endeavor of oculo-motion signals as an effective biometric trait. This paper also demonstrates the relative comparison of the two fixation identification techniques combined with hybrid intelligent model.
The effective use of energy is emphasized in a smart home environment because of concerns regarding growing energy demands. To save energy in a smart home, detailed energy consumption information at the appliance level needs to be monitored and delivered to consumers. Unlike distributed direct sensing, non-intrusive load monitoring (NILM) is receiving increased attention as a low-cost, low-complexity load motoring technique. This paper presents an electrical event identification technique for monitoring home appliance load using appliance load signatures. The load signature acquisition system is also introduced in the paper.
In this paper, adaptive stead-state models are presented for axial flow-pumps used as heart assist devices. These models predict flow rate and power consumption of the pump based on the pressure differential (head) and impeller speed. The developed models are identified using system identification techniques on data obtained from a mock circulatory loop. The mock circulatory experiments include physiologic conditions ranging from a healthy heart function to heart failure. The online adaptive nature of these models is used to estimate effective blood viscosity in real-time. Additional mock circulatory loop experiments are performed to emulate flow obstruction at the pump outlet. Results show that the coefficients from the adapted models can be used to detect, identify and estimate the fault.
In order to correctly identify a remote target, an efficient and robust target signature identification technique is required. Radar target identification based on complex natural resonances (CNRs) has drawn the interest of many researchers following the development of the singularity expansion method (SEM). As evident from the literature, statistical techniques such as the generalized likelihood ratio test (GLRT) have produced a better identification result, in the presence of noise, compared to some other SEM-based identification methods such as the extinction pulse (E-pulse) technique. However, one of the issues related to a resonance based target classifier is that it requires the commencement of the late time period for the unknown target response to be determined accurately in order to avoid false alarms during target classification process. For automatic target recognition (ATR) applications, usually such information is not known a priori. In view of this problem, a modified GLRT technique that utilizes time-frequency analysis is presented in this paper. The improved GLRT method does not require prior knowledge of the beginning of the late time period for the transient response of the unknown target. Simulation results using various targets show that our method is comparable to the original GLRT technique when the commencement of the late time period for the unknown target response is correctly determined and outperforming the original GLRT technique when the commencement of the late time period for the unknown target response is incorrectly determined.
In order to correctly identify a remote target, an efficient and robust target signature identification technique is required. Radar target identification based on complex natural resonances (CNRs) has drawn the interest of many researchers following the development of the singularity expansion method (SEM). As evident from the literature, statistical techniques such as the generalized likelihood ratio test (GLRT) have produced a better identification result, in the presence of noise, compared to some other SEM-based identification methods such as the extinction pulse (E-pulse) technique. However, one of the issues related to a resonance based target classifier is that it requires the commencement of the late time period for the unknown target response to be determined accurately in order to avoid false alarms during target classification process. For automatic target recognition (ATR) applications, usually such information is not known a priori. In view of this problem, a modified GLRT technique that utilizes time-frequency analysis is presented in this paper. The improved GLRT method does not require prior knowledge of the beginning of the late time period for the transient response of the unknown target. Simulation results using various targets show that our method is comparable to the original GLRT technique when the commencement of the late time period for the unknown target response is correctly determined and outperforming the original GLRT technique when the commencement of the late time period for the unknown target response is incorrectly determined.
In recent papers we have focused on the task of safety controller synthesis, that is, designing a controller that will take the system from any point within a compact set of initial states to a point inside a set of acceptable goal states, while never entering any state that is deemed unsafe. This method first finds a feedback controller that causes the system to be imbued with trajectory robustness, then finds open-loop reference signals that each safely drive the system from a subset of initial states to the goal state. In this paper we use piecewise affine system identification techniques to generate a feedback control law to replace the open-loop signals. This provides additional robustness to unexpected disturbances, in addition to reducing the memory required in the resulting controller, from storing many signals to a set of piecewise affine control laws.
In this paper, a new identification technique is introduced to estimate a linear fractional representation of a linear parameter-varying (LPV) system from local experiments by using a dedicated non-smooth optimization procedure. More precisely, the developed approach consists in estimating the parameters of an LPV state-space model from local fully-parameterized identified state-space models through the non-smooth optimization of a specific H∞-based criterion. The method presented in this paper results directly in an LPV model whose parametric matrices can be rational functions of the scheduling variables without any interpolation step (required usually by the local approach) and without writing the local fully-parameterized LTI state-space models with respect to a coherent basis. A numerical example is used to illustrate the performance of the suggested technique.
Feedforward control can significantly improve the performance of a system through compensation of disturbances. By exploiting measured data from previous tasks and a suitable feedforward parametrization, iterative feedforward control simultaneously attains high performance and good extrapolability of tasks. This paper aims to show that earlier contributions in this area suffer from a closed-loop identification problem. A novel solution is presented based on closed-loop identification techniques, which shows that existing feedforward control algorithms can be significantly enhanced. A simulation example confirms the existence of a closed-loop identification problem in earlier approaches and shows that the proposed solution is superior compared to pre-existing results.
Gap-Fluorescence Recovery After Photobleaching (gap-FRAP) is a technique used to estimate functionality of intercellular connections in biology. Such a technique could potentially be involved in the diagnostic of normal/cancer cells. Discrimination of cell types may be performed directly, by comparing plots of fluorescence kinetics or indirectly by statistical testing applied to model parameters. This paper focuses on the latter model-based approach. Up to now, more than ninety percent of the models used to fit gap-FRAP responses have been derived from diffusion equations (partial differential equation). We propose to simplify the modeling procedure by using behavioral models derived from system identification techniques used in control engineering. To assess in practice the relevance of this concurrent method, two human head and neck carcinoma cell lines (KB and FaDu) were used. The former (KB) expresses connexin proteins (positive line) while the latter (FaDu) does not (negative line). Moreover, each cell line was tested on spheroid (3-D) and monolayer (2-D) slices and in vitro assays were repeated six times. System identification algorithms of the CONTSID Matlab toolbox were used to estimate the model parameters from the in vitro data sets. Results have particularly emphasized there is no need to use complex models to fit the observed gap-FRAP responses. We show that the static gain of the estimated transfer functions is able to discriminate cell types used in this study, which corroborates the relevance of system identification techniques for diagnostic applications based on gap-FRAP analysis.
In this paper we aim to propose a Web-Of-Objects (WoO) based Energy Management System (WEMS) for providing a solution to efficiently manage energy consumption in smart home environment. The general goal of the WoO is to simplify object and application deployment, maintenance and operation in Internet of Things infrastructures. WoO also intends to propose service architecture system to support an intelligent features through an objectification and virtualization of the physical things. Object virtualization ensures harmonization, federation and combination of objects as well as services in the WEMS. Semantic ontology plays a vital role in WoO for ensuring the information reusability, extensibility and interoperability among virtual objects. It enables WEMS to be easily deployable in the real environment. This system can be applicable to building, home and factory, particularly we consider a home environment in this paper.
High temperature is one of the limiting factors and major concerns in 3D-chip integration. In this paper we use a 3D test chip (WIDEIO DRAM on top of a logic die) equipped with temperature sensors and heaters to explore thermal effects. We correlated real temperature measurements with the power dissipated by the heaters using model learning techniques. The resulting compact thermal model is able to predict temperatures at chip locations far from the temperature sensors and to infer the power dissipation at any location of the chip. Results are verified by mean of an off-sample validation technique and show a high accuracy of the compact thermal model when compared with silicon measurements.
Motivated by the recent advances on internet of things (IoT) and the importance that location information has on many application scenarios, this article offers references to theoretical and localization-algorithmic tools that can be utilised in connection with IoT. We develop this discussion from basic to sophisticated localization techniques covering also some less-intuitive notions of localization, e.g. semantic positioning, for which we provide a novel solution which overcome the problem of privacy. We analyze the localization problem from a mathematical perspective; reviewing the most common and best-performing class of localization methods based on optimization and algebraic approaches and we discuss benefits of location information in a wireless system. In this regard we discuss few concrete applications scenario currently under investigation in the largest EU project on IoT, namely the FP-7 Butler project, how location information is one of the key enabling technology in the IoT. In addition to the theoretical aspect, this article provides references to the pervasive localization system architecture using the smart sensors developed within the Butler project.
Although during the last decade considerable efforts have been invested in the integration of different wireless technologies, a new surge of interest is arising due to the upcoming internet of things (IoT) in which many relevant application scenarios rely on location information. However, due to the heterogeneity of the devices, ergo the heterogeneity of information available, novel indoor positioning algorithms capable to account for different types of information must be designed. Differently from the vast majority of localization solutions currently available which rely on one specific type of observation, e.g. range information only, in this article we consider the localization problem of multiple sources from range and angle measurements. To this end we first study the benefit of heterogeneous information via the rigidity theory and the Cramèr-Rao Lower Bound (CRLB) and then we show how to utilize an extension of the Euclidean-kernel, i.e. the Edge-kernel, to perform robust positioning under Non-Line-of-Sight (NLOS) conditions. In particular with reference to the latter contribution it is shown how to exploit the robust principal component analysis theory to improve the edge-kernel recovery and in turn the estimated target's locations.
Power hardware-in-the-loop (PHIL) simulation techniques are being increasingly applied in the power system field for novel equipment testing and validation. To ensure the accuracy and stability of the overall simulation, special care must be taken in the control of the virtual power interface between the hardware under test and software simulated system. The application of wideband system identification techniques to the Damping Impedance Method (DIM) interface algorithm is investigated in this paper. Knowledge of the hardware under test impedance over a wide frequency range improves the simulation accuracy and ensures interface stability under dynamic and transient conditions. A small-signal, white noise perturbation is injected into the hardware under test using the switching converter acting as the power interface between software and hardware. Cross correlation methods are then used to construct a wideband estimation of the hardware impedance. This information is used to update the interface algorithm and guarantee simulation accuracy and stability. Simulation results are provided for two PHIL test scenarios, demonstrating the improvements afforded by the augmented DIM interface. In each case, initial mismatch between a model of the hardware under test and the actual component degrades the performance and stability of the PHIL interface. Employment of the proposed identification technique to update the interface controller mitigates stability issues and improves the simulation accuracy.
In the product usage life cycle, the problems found by customers can be considered separately to the market, procurement, manufacturing and channel departments to generate the product related attributes. This has meant that do not consider other process multi-attributes simultaneously, and do not capture enough structured and relational feedback information through product usage life cycle. This paper design the intelligent agent-based tracing system based on IOT(internet of things) architecture using FCM (fuzzy cognitive maps) and fuzzy rule method for product usage life cycle. It aimed at simulate complex system with imprecise relationships while quantifying the performance impact of backward design process efficiency using the total effects algorithm.
This paper presents a Linear Quadratic Regulator (LQR) controller for the real-time control of a coupled tank liquid level system. The model of the coupled tank system has been developed based on system identification technique that employs least square error algorithm (LS) for parameter estimation. The proposed controller algorithm has been applied on the identified model. The performance of the projected control algorithm has been compared with that of a Conventional PI controller. From both the simulation as well as the experimental results, it is observed that the performance of the proposed LQR control is more efficient then the widely used conventional PI Controller.
An experimental methodology was developed for online system identification of a thermal system or heated space. In this setting, the intelligent controller detects system parameters during normal operation and adapts its performance accordingly. The ultimate goal is to demonstrate that load leveling with demand side management can be used to reduce peak power consumption while maintaining residential room temperatures at a comfortable level. A prototype enclosure was built and equipped with a heater and thermal measuring equipment. Data was collected during a 17 hour temperature regulation experiment using a bang-bang controller similar to those commonly used for residential heating control. First and second order mathematical models were developed for thermal system identification. The mathematical models utilized the collected temperature data to estimate the net thermal resistance and capacitance using system identification techniques. Results showed the second order model to match the real system characteristics reasonably well. It was found that even for a small prototype enclosure, the estimated thermal parameters showed quite large values of thermal capacitance which can be a great asset for demand side management and control applications in a smart grid. The system identification method developed here is an important step toward the development of intelligent controllers.
MEMS sensors are driving the internet of things and the market for MEMS is growing rapidly. In many MEMS products, test strategies are not standardized, proprietary, and considered important intellectual property. However, an eco-system is beginning to form as equipment makers are developing dedicated MEMS test equipment and test houses offer services for testing MEMS. This talk describes the challenges and opportunities for MEMS testing. Current MEMS testing is compared to the established methods of VLSI test. The talk further describes how design for test concepts can be applied to MEMS design. Finally, testing MEMS integrated within larger systems is highlighted.
In order to improve the real-time monitoring and control of manufacturing execution system, this paper takes the shop-floor as the research object. Combined with the technology of internet of things and critical event model, a real-time shop-floor production performance analysis method is proposed. Under this architecture, a hierarchical mechanism of event process is put forward, which switch the acquisition process of production performance to transformation between events of different level. Finally,the application of the proposed event model to implement for the progress monitoring of work in process is discussed in detail.
Due to a rapid growth of Internet, the number of network attacks has risen leading to the essentials of network intrusion detection systems (IDS) to secure the network. With heterogeneous accesses and huge traffic volumes, several pattern identification techniques have been brought into the research community. Data Mining is one of the analyses which many IDSs have adopted as an attack recognition scheme. Thus, in this paper, the classification methodology including attribute and data selections was drawn based on the well-known classification schemes, i.e., Decision Tree, Ripper Rule, Neural Networks, Na?ve Bayes, k-Nearest-Neighbour, and Support Vector Machine, for intrusion detection analysis using both KDD CUP dataset and recent HTTP BOTNET attacks. Performance of the evaluation was measured using recent Weka tools with a standard cross-validation and confusion matrix.
In this study, we aim at studying for an inexpensive-but-effective real-time localization and identification of known buildings or large permanent structures within user's current position in outdoor environment using integrated GPS and camera on smartphone. In addition to this, we also provide users guidance by augmenting text information describing about detected building over live image on display. A prototype application of this proposed approach could be used for guiding tourists at tourist sites as well as general users at any unfamiliar areas. The problem is solved using GPS for initial location estimation. Then the result is refined using visual identification technique. Experiments show that the proposed method could localize the user's position and identify nearby, known buildings in real-time.
System identification techniques have been used to separate intrinsic muscular and reflexive contributions to joint impedance, which is an essential step in the proper choice of patient specific treatment. These techniques are, however, only well developed for linear systems. Assuming linearity prescribes the neuromuscular system to be perturbed only around predefined operating points. In this study, we test the validity of a commonly used linear model by analyzing the effects of flexion–extension displacement amplitude ( $2^circ$, $4^circ$, and $8^circ$) on damping, stiffness, and reflex gain of the wrist joint, at different background torque levels (0, 1, and 2?N$cdot$ m). With displacement amplitude, intrinsic damping increased, while intrinsic stiffness and reflex gains decreased. These changes were dependent on the level of wrist torque. The dependency of the neuromuscular system properties on even small variations in angular displacement is evident and has to be accounted for when comparing different studies and clinical interpretations using linear identification techniques. Knowledge of the behavior of the neuromuscular system around operating points is an essential step toward the development of nonlinear models that allow for discrimination between patients and controls in a larger range of loading conditions.
The internet-of-things (IoT) technology allows auto-organized and intelligent entities such as services to be interoperable and able to act independently. This enables the advanced form of service composition by allowing individual services to dynamically form a service workflow. In this context, services possess different requirements where the compliance of such requirements reflects trust-based decision for participating in a workflow. Large-scale service interoperations pose significant challenges for compliance checking of those requirements. These include inconsistency of requirements that can be represented in different formats and dynamicity, where a workflow can be modified based on service creation, modification, or termination. These factors directly affect the decision of a service to be part of a workflow. To solve these problems, service workflow specification (SWSpec) has been proposed as a consistent and uniformed representation of requirements, and algorithms based on constrained truth table (CTT) have been developed for automatic compliance checking. In this paper, the architecture of these elements is created to facilitate 1)?a workflow owner in specifying properties of services to be part of a workflow and 2)?services to express their requirements where their compliance reflects trust-based participation decision.
This paper presents a novel approach to the coherency identification technique in interconnected power system using independent component analysis (ICA). The ICA is applied to the generator speed and bus angle data to identify the coherent areas of the system. The results of the application of ICA using simulated data from 16-machine 68-bus system model and on data gathered through U.K. University-based Wide-Area Measurement System are presented. The approach is able to identify the cluster of generators and buses following a disturbance in the system. It is also demonstrated that the approach is robust in the presence of noise in measured signal, which is an important factor to be considered for assessing the effectiveness of any measurement-based technique.
This paper, based on the Kalman filter theory, established short-term traffic volume model. Kalman filter model has a good static stability, and adopts iterative method for optimal estimation of traffic. But the regular Kalman filtering traffic volume prediction established without considering the influencing factors on traffic and time-lag. Analyzing the influence factors of traffic volume based on grey entropy, and selects the main influencing factors by the size of grey entropy to establish the prediction of short-term traffic volume. Based on this, utilize the internet of things for data collection, and make a simulation experiment on a road in Shenyang. Simulation results show that model has good adaptability, high prediction accuracy on various states of traffic volume. It is a kind of effective traffic flow forecasting model.
The main goal in this study is to demonstrate that load levelling with demand side management in smart grids can be achieved to reduce peak power consumption while maintaining residential room temperatures at a comfortable level. A prototype enclosure was built and equipped with a heater and thermal measuring equipment. Data was collected during a 17 hour temperature regulation experiment using a traditional on-off (bang-bang) controller similar to those commonly used for residential heating control. A second order mathematical model was utilized to estimate the net thermal resistances and capacitances using system identification techniques at two different temperature set points. The enclosure system was used to determine if peak power could be reduced by slowly varying loads utilizing a different type of controller. Two different linear control techniques (using K-Factor and PI approaches) and the associated power electronics circuitry were implemented and tuned. Both controller systems successfully leveled the load and reduced the peak power demand.
Human gait analysis is a major topic in pedestrian navigation and geriatric care. Identifying gait phases is important in using human gait for pedestrian navigation and tracking. Most of existing gait phase identification techniques use multiple sensor modules attached to each section of the lower body. This paper discusses the feasibility of recognizing gait phases using a single inertial measurement unit (IMU) placed in a trouser pocket of the subject. The movement of the thigh is computed by fusing accelerometer and the gyroscopic data gathered from the of the IMU. Experimental results indicated that most of the major gait phases such as Initial Contact, Load Response, Mid Stance, Terminal Stance, Pre-Swing and Swing, can be identified by the movement of one thigh tracked by an IMU. It was also noted that the movement of the offside leg can also be estimated from the fused IMU data. This paper presents a method to recognize all major phases of human stride cycle during walking from movement of one thigh.
Signal identification techniques developed for the purpose of blind and noncooperative identification of the transmission parameters of unknown communication signals have been employed both in military and civilian applications. Blind identification of the Space-Time Block Codes (STBC) used in a multiantenna transmisson can be regarded as one of the new and most significant challenges presented to the signal identification systems by the Multiple-Input-Multiple-Output (MIMO) transmission systems. In this work, we present novel STBC classification algorithms that exploit the cyclostationary characteristics of the coded transmit signals as discriminating features.
Seamless integration of heterogeneous constrained networks in the internet of things is still a challenging issue. However, with recent advances in smart objects networking, the IP architecture through 6LoWPAN is made possible and hence service oriented architecture is emerging as a promising solution. The key element to succeed any service oriented system is efficient service discovery. In this paper, we classify emerging 6LoWPANs' service discovery protocols, identify the gap in the 6LoWPAN service discovery literature and then briefly describe our solution aiming to fill this gap.
Wireless localization has become an important issue in internet of things, but the non-line-of-sight (NLOS) propagation will degrade the performance of traditional localization algorithms. Therefore, an optimization-based localization algorithm is put forward by exploiting the linear line of position (LLOP) scheme, where the proposed algorithm models the NLOS problem as a quadratic programming problem, and then the position of the mobile node is estimated by solving this problem. Simulations show that the proposed algorithm can mitigate the NLOS error significantly if there are many base stations or there exist a few LOS base stations. Moreover, the simulation also proves that the proposed algorithm outperforms other algorithms in the NLOS environment.
This paper presents a real time system identification technique for DC-DC power buck converter applications. In order to achieve real time parameter identification and digital control within a power electronics system, fast convergence speed and low computational burden are necessary. The proposed algorithm, Fast Affine Projection, exhibit both of these requirements. It is applied in the field of power electronics for the first time, and is shown to offer superior performance to alternative techniques such as Least Mean Squares and Recursive Least Squares methods.
The development of the internet of things provides the basis for monitoring systems used in the building structure monitoring area, and this makes it possible to collect data for the safety of different kinds of building structure. A series of intelligent services can be provided according to these data. This paper proposes a monitoring system for the safety of building structure based on semantic technology. In this system, various sensors which are connected via cable or wireless way, are used to monitor the different parameters of building structure. The semantic data can be obtained and represented in RDF to describe the sensor data, and can provide the application background for users. LarKC, a platform for scalable semantic data processing, is used for semantic querying over the data. Based on this uniform representation of data and semantic processing, intelligent services can be provided by the effective data analysis. This provides the possibility to integrate all of the monitoring systems for the safety of building structure in urban computing.
This paper presents research made for independent daily life assistance of elderly or persons with disabilities using IoT technologies. Our scope is to develop a system that allows living for as long as possible in familiar environment. This will be possible by wider spread of assistive technologies and the internet of things (IoT). We aim to bring together latest achievements in domain of Internet of things and assistive technologies in order to develop a complex assistive system with adaptive capability and learning behavior. We can use IoT technologies to monitor in real time the state of a patient or to get sensitive data in order to be subsequently analyzed for a medical diagnosis. We present the state of our work related to the development of an assistive assembly consisting of a smart and assistive environment, a human activity and health monitoring system, an assistive and telepresence robot, together with the related components and cloud services.
The use of biological weapons represents a great concern both from a military and civilian point of view. The early detection of biological warfare agents (BWAs) in atmosphere is a huge challenge that could be addressed through UV-LIF (Ultra Violet Laser Induced Fluorescence) techniques. Fluorescence measurements of aerosol particles can provide gross discrimination between bio-agents and atmospheric background particles, In this work we intend to investigate the capability of discriminating among different biological warfare agents (BWA) through the analysis of the optical emission spectra. To accomplish this task, a deep knowledge of fluorescence features with different boundary conditions is required, in order to create a database of comparable spectral fingerprints. Preliminary results, obtained through a laboratory setup with a standard UV lamp source, showed that significant differences can be appreciated among BWAs simulants' spectra. This represents a first step towards the implementation of a spectral database and a laser-based biological stand-off identification technique.
Swellings Identification from Head and Neck computed tomography image data is an important but time consuming task performed manually by medical experts. Automating this process is challenging due to the high diversity in the appearance of tumor tissues among different patients. In many cases, the task of identifying the location of the tumor in Head and Neck is very complicated. The abnormal tissues have to be removed without causing any lacerations in the adjacent structures during entry or exit from the area subject tothe tumor removal operation. This paper deals with a new identification technique for extracting the brain tumors in computed tomography images using Support Vector Machine (SVM). In the training phase, the SVM is used as an identifier to identify the tumor from the brain MRI images. The 2-D images are lexicographic ordered to I-D signals, and then the Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCCs) are extracted from these 1-D signals or from their transforms. The SVM is then used to match the extracted features in the testing phase to those of the training phase. The method is applied to a set of real data of 20 MRI images with normal and abnormal tumors. Experimental results show that the recognition rate for features extracted from the Discrete Sine Transform (DST) of images contaminated by AWGN, features extracted from images plus the Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) of images contaminated by impulsive noise, and features extracted from images plus the DST of images contaminated by speckle noise achieve better performance compared to the existing techniques.
The internet is an optimal place to human as a producer or a consumer for sharing information until now. In the future, not only the human-generated information but also things will be connected into internet and these will evolve into internet of things(IoT) which can share the information thing-in-itself and its environment. Firstly, this paper proposes a service architecture which includes various devices for providing web base IoT services. Secondly, this paper also proposes a service platform which supports service orchestration and composition with device objectification and finally describes structure and functionalities of web of object gateway.
Reliability of metering information is very important. There are different mathematical methods of measurement data verification. Large quantity of the bad data identification techniques are proposed to identify low precision measurements. These methods are developed as a part of the state estimation problem to calculate the steady state on the basis of telemetry data. A new approach to the calculation of state variables vector is proposed. A posteriori algorithm of bad data validation is described in details. The example of bad data detection for test scheme is considered.
2013 marked the 40th anniversary of the first cellular telephone call. The growth of personal portable wireless communications since then has created a global communications network unprecedented in human history. This anniversary gives us the opportunity to consider what the next forty years of wireless communication might look like. Further inevitable Improvements in semiconductor technology, with resulting improvements in processing power, transistor speed and complexity will result in exciting new applications of wireless devices. Wireless technology has historically been focused on personal or data communications, but some of the most exciting new approaches will center on medical, energy, transportation and environmental applications. These include such areas as wireless medical and neural interfaces, networked personal transportation and infrastructure, and the “internet of things.” This talk will summarize the emerging wireless technologies that will enable these new applications, and present some of the challenges to their widespread adoption.
We apply retrospective cost adaptive control (RCAC) to a linearized aircraft dynamics with an unknown transition to nonminimum-phase (NMP) dynamics. In prior work, RCAC was used for command-following with unknown NMP zeros. In this work we extend those results to command following for cases where the dynamics transition from minimum-phase to NMP. We use system identification techniques to identify the NMP zero, and use this information in RCAC. We consider both full-state feedback and output feedback, and in both cases we follow step commands with transitioning dynamics. We first consider the case where RCAC is unaware of the change and NMP zero identification is unavailable to RCAC. We then assume that NMP zero information is available to RCAC from system identification.
This work presents an offset-free model predictive control (OF-MPC) design for energy efficient control of a heat pump. Open-loop system dynamics are examined first to determine the appropriate control structure leading to identification techniques being used to construct linear models of an experimentally-validated heat pump model. Subsequently, a framework consisting of a model predictive controller, cascaded upon a lower level PI controller, is designed. The MPC includes an augmented model (including disturbance states) and an associated Luenberger observer to estimate the prediction disturbance (plant-model mismatch at steady state). Simulation results subject to realistic disturbances and measurement noise demonstrate that energy savings of 2.3% can be achieved with the proposed OF-MPC design compared to a traditional control approach.
This paper presents evidence in support of the internal model hypothesis of neuroscience. Specifically, we present results from a study that includes 10 human subjects and is designed to explore the internal model hypothesis. A new system identification method is presented for composite systems that include multiple unknown subsystems whose input and output signals may be inaccessible (i.e., unmeasurable). We use this subsystem identification method to model the control strategies that humans employ. In particular, we identify the feedback and feedforward controllers of the subjects in the experiment. The identified controllers suggest that the subjects learned to use inverse plant dynamics in feedforward.
This paper proposes predictive-control-based direct power control (DPC) with an adaptive online parameter identification technique for ac–dc active front ends (AFEs) to overcome model mismatch and parameter uncertainty. Based on least-squares estimation, the input inductance and input resistance of the AFE are calculated every sampling period using sampled input currents and input voltages. Because the online-tuned input inductance and resistance are updated for the controller, the proposed predictive-control-based DPC with the adaptive parameter identification technique can mitigate performance degradation resulting from the model uncertainty of the model predictive controller without any additional sensors. Therefore, the AFE generates sinusoidal input currents with a unity power factor despite parameter uncertainty.
The analysis of electromechanical oscillatory modes offers essential information on the stability of power systems. This paper investigates the use of the natural excitation technique (NExT) in conjunction with the eigensystem realization algorithm (ERA) for the modal analysis of power systems. The NExT-ERA is a multivariate method utilizing data that are measured from several locations in the power grid. The method is capable of utilizing synchronously measured data from a wide area monitoring system (WAMS) as well as unsynchronized measurements, such as measurements of individual relays' recorders. The performance of the NExT-ERA method is analyzed by applying it to data generated with test systems. The method is also applied to actual measurements received from the Nordic power system. The results indicate that the frequencies and damping ratios of electromechanical oscillatory modes can be analyzed by using the NExT-ERA method. Thus, the method is a promising identification technique for wide-area monitoring of electromechanical oscillations.
Impaired driving is known to be among the leading causes of death and injury on roads; however, the existing measures to address this menace appear to be insufficient. This paper presents a novel method to detect intoxicated driving and lays a foundation that can be implemented in future cars to derive personalized models of drivers and to detect not only intoxicated driving but also other reckless driving styles. We employ system identification techniques to develop models for sober and impaired drivers. A total of 200 sets of data from various subject drivers were collected in a high-fidelity driving simulator. The lateral preview error and the steering wheel angle were considered the input and output of a driver, respectively. We will demonstrate that the autoregressive noise integration moving average with exogenous input (ARIMAX) model best fits the data to describe the steering behavior of drivers. The positions of model poles are shown to be a good indicator of intoxicated driving behavior. An aggressive driving style due to impaired driving leads to the migration of dominant poles toward the instability region. The Kalman filter and online identification techniques are used to update the driver model during driving. The poles of this updated model are used for the detection of impaired driving.
In multivariate time series, outlying data may be often observed that do not fit the common pattern. Occurrences of outliers are unpredictable events that may severely distort the analysis of the multivariate time series. For instance, model building, seasonality assessment, and forecasting may be seriously affected by undetected outliers. The structure dependence of the multivariate time series gives rise to the well-known smearing and masking phenomena that prevent using most outliers' identification techniques. It may be noticed, however, that a convenient way for representing multiple outliers consists of superimposing a deterministic disturbance to a gaussian multivariate time series. Then outliers may be modeled as nongaussian time series components. Independent component analysis is a recently developed tool that is likely to be able to extract possible outlier patterns. In practice, independent component analysis may be used to analyze multivariate observable time series and separate regular and outlying unobservable components. In the factor models framework too, it is shown that independent component analysis is a useful tool for detection of outliers in multivariate time series. Some algorithms that perform independent component analysis are compared. It has been found that all algorithms are effective in detecting various types of outliers, such as patches, level shifts, and isolated outliers, even at the beginning or the end of the stretch of observations. Also, there is no appreciable difference in the ability of different algorithms to display the outlying observations pattern.
In this paper, an autonomous tuning method is proposed to realize optimal adaptive voltage positioning (AVP) scheme for the buck converter. The optimal AVP scheme can perform linearly fast transient response with less output capacitors compared to the traditional buck converter. The conventional wisdom of realizing the optimal AVP is to make the current sensing resistor (Ri) equal to the equivalent series resistor (Rc) of the output capacitor. However, such approach usually requires on-line system-identification algorithms or sensors that are complex and costly. Alternatively, this paper proposes a novel approach to implement the optimal AVP using a linear transition approximation (LTA) algorithm. Without using any parameter identification technique, the LTA algorithm only observes the output voltage response to adaptively adjust controller for realizing optimal linear transition during transient. The result of the proposed approach is very close to the effect of approximating Ri to Rc for an optimal AVP scheme. A buck converter using a FPGA controller that embeds the proposed algorithm is implemented. Experiment results show that the linear transient response is achieved in response to a 1-5 A step load change within 20 μs. A comparative result also shows that the optimal AVP performance is superior to the case without using the proposed algorithm.
Security in this world of digital computing plays a typical role, since all the operations are automated and large volumes of data are being maintained in the servers. Cloud computing is one of the evolving technologies where a huge volume of storage is made on-line, data and services are also distributed. Because of its distributed nature, they have become easy targets for the intruders to exploit the information. The well known Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack is the most prominent attacks in this area of computing. DDoS is the single largest threat to internet and internet of things. This paper provides a wide survey on various DDoS attacks, their vulnerabilities and countermeasures proposed against them. Also this paper provides an in-depth analysis on effects of DDoS attacks in the Cloud environment. Through the analysis done it will be useful for designing a secured cloud infrastructure which will abide the DDoS attacks.
As computer and signal processing speed increase, information transmission efficiencies reach within a fraction of a dB of Shannon's Limit, SDRs (software defined radios) take radio communications to the “next level”, the “internet of things” (IoT) already connecting over 10 billion devices wirelessly, and the ITU declaring in 2013 that Asia has become the largest M2M market in the world, the adjective “ubiquitous” is no longer the exaggeration it has represented for years but rather a very accurate description of tomorrow's communications. Within a few years Indonesia, driven by its population and need for multiple forms of telecommunications as a result of our environment, will experience the ability to create, access, transfer and share information from any location, using many different kinds of devices from wrist bands to computers embedded in our eyeglasses, and do so in true multi-tasking modes. Soon we will not know the path information flows, nor will we care. Self-healing networks, least cost routing, QoS driven route management, congestion sensors, security requirements, and neural networking will determine routing. We will forget about how difficult it is to make a mobile call of reasonable quality today and focus more on the quality of the communication experience tomorrow.
Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) systems in commercial buildings consume a large proportion of energy in the world. One possible way to reduce the cost is to optimize HVAC operation through predictive control methods. Such approaches rely on dynamic models to meet comfort constraints and to minimize energy usage. In this paper, we employ two different model types: an resistance-capacitance (R-C) network model and an artificial neural network (ANN) model, in order to model thermal dynamics of an airport terminal building. The R-C model serves as a control model and its parameters are identified using a gray box identification technique. The ANN model is built in recursive form and works as a simulator to provide system feedback to the controller. We implement a model predictive control (MPC) with two supervisory scenarios on such a simulation environment to evaluate their energy- saving potential. Simulation results during cooling season show 5% to 18% of daily energy savings can be achieved when the proposed MPC is applied to the building.
This paper describes a novel parameter identification technique of an interior permanent magnet (IPM) motor. The controller of the IPM motor requires its parameters in the decoupled current control loops. Off-line parameter tuning is indispensable to achieve initial setup and starting up of the motor control. The proposed technique can tune the every motor parameter by changing the current controller structure and by seeking the minimum point of the current norm on the basis of a hill-climbing algorithm. The paper presents some simulation results of the identification of the d-axis inductance, q-axis inductance, magnetic flux linkage, and winding resistance, followed by the theoretical analysis. In the end of the paper, the experimental test results of the q-axis inductance and winding resistance identification are demonstrated to confirm the feasibility of the proposed technique.
In this paper, adaptive methods for the identification of the channel response of optical fiber communications links are considered, in the context of intensity modulated direct detection on/off keying transmission. A discrete time, second order Volterra kernel is used for the modeling of the overall channel response. The Volterra parameters are estimated on the basis of the available input/output data, by resorting to adaptive system identification techniques. The performance of the adaptive processing algorithms is evaluated in terms of the achieved minimum estimation error, the rate of the convergence and the required computational complexity. It is demonstrated, by means of computer simulation, that the use of low cost adaptive processing algorithms, properly tailored to the problem at hand, can provide a reliable solution, without sacrificing much of the performance.
Structural vibrations can have severe consequences on airplane design like fatigue, aeroelastic instability and reduced maneuverability. Fuel sloshing inside wing tanks can increase these problems. This work is intended to model a system that consists of a cantilever aluminum plate with a fluid tank near the free tip. Piezoelectric patches are used to excite the system. Three different methodologies were used to obtain a state-space model of the system: analytical (exact) solutions of simplified problems, numerical approximated methods and system identification techniques. Results show good agreement between theory and experiments.
The Wireless Sensors Network (WSN) is nowadays widely used to build decision support systems to overcome many problems in the real-world. One of the most interesting fields having an increasing need of decision support systems is precision agriculture (PA). This paper presents WSN as the best way to solve the agricultural problems related to farming resources optimization, decision making support, and land monitoring. This approach provides real-time information about the lands and crops that will help farmers make right decisions. Using the basic principles of Internet and WSN technology, precision agriculture systems based on the internet of things (IOT) technology is explained in detail especially on the hardware architecture, network architecture and software process control of the precision irrigation system. The software monitors data from the sensors in a feedback loop which activates the control devices based on threshold value. Implementation of WSN in PA will optimize the usage of water fertilizer and also maximized the yield of the crops.
Current internet is evolving into internet of things(IoT) which can connect various information(thing in itself and its sensing environment information). This paper suggests IoT service architecture which provides web base IoT services with various devices, web base IoT service platform which provides application services and object gateway which provides web connectivity to legacy devices.
An UHF RFID(radio frequency identification) reader is implemented to meet the needs of data acquisition in the IOT(internet of things). Firstly, this paper introduced the principle of the reader. The RF front-end circuit was taken as the focal point,and it was simulated with ADS. AS3992 and its peripheral circuit implemented the transceiving of RF signals, STM32 completed the process and control of baseband signals, USB and RS232 communication interface were designed.And also we have considered the collision algorithm and low power details. Test results show that the reader supports ISO/IEC18000-6B/C, reading and writing distance up to 3 m, rated power less than 5 W. It is of miniaturization, long distance reading, low power consumption, easy to expand. It could meet the practical requirement of perception layer in intelligent IOT.
We propose a modulation format identification technique based on extracting and identifying specific features of received signal power distributions for digital coherent receivers. Simulation and experimental results demonstrate successful identification among six common modulation formats.
The largest source of energy consumption in buildings is heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC). For an HVAC system to provide comfort and minimize energy consumption, it is crucial to understand the spatiotemporal thermal dynamics, especially in large open spaces. To optimize HVAC control, it is important to establish accurate dynamic thermal models. For this purpose, we constructed a real-world test bed by instrumenting an HVAC-controller auditorium using multiple types of sensors. Based on the dataset, we develop and evaluate a novel data-driven approach to model the complex thermal dynamics in a large space through a combination of data clustering and system identification techniques. Real-world data shows that our approach achieves low estimation errors. Our modeling approach therefore provides a practical foundation for HVAC control and optimization for large open spaces.
A theoretical model was presented for quickly identifying multiple indoor constant contaminant sources with known releasing time by considering the sensor thresholds and measurement errors. The model was numerically demonstrated and validated by case studies. The results indicated that the model can potentially be effective with high sensor thresholds and measurement errors. This study will contribute to developing source identification techniques using real sensors.
The performance of guided flight missile systems is measured through the minimum miss-distance and its capability to overcome target maneuver in presence of different sources of disturbances and noises. To achieve this objective, mathematical model for different dynamical behavior phases of command to the line of sight (CLOS) system is introduced using system identification technique. However, these mathematical models cannot precisely represent a real physical system without uncertainties. To improve system performance, a multi-stages robust autopilot is designed (each stage applied with corresponding missile flight phase) and compared with single stage robust autopilot. By using the H∞ approach, both controllers are obtained to adequate the nonlinear dynamical behavior and overcome different kind of uncertainties of the intended Command Line of Sight Guidance System (CLOS). Finally, the system performance and robustness are verified with flight path analysis by 6-DOF simulation model.
To solve the real-time material delivery problems from the warehouse to workstations for the mixed model automotive assembly line in accordance with the production cycle, the dynamic material delivery method based on internet of things has been developed. The material flow and production characteristic of automotive assembly was analyzed in order to feed material properly & timely. The monitoring system of the material delivery based on internet of things was established which was composed of device layer, control layer and information management layer. The minimization multi-objective function was proposed considering materials transportation costs, materials transportation time and materials storage based on AGV and AS/RS. The hybrid particle swarm optimization (PSO) and the detail process of realization were designed. The validity of this model and algorithm was verified by a case of assembly plant materials distribution problem. Experimental results indicate that the hybrid PSO strategy show a quite promising higher performance than basic genetic algorithm for the proposed approach.
Authenticating wireless devices based on PARADIS technique draws increasing research interest recently, providing security access services in wireless networks. This paper provides an overview of various schemes for PARADIS identification using physical layer characteristics. Firstly, this work systematizes the existing knowledge on this topic for a better understanding of PARADIS device identification, its implications on the analysis and design of security solutions in wireless mobile networks, and possible applications. Secondly, we review the development progress of PARADIS identification techniques, discuss the merits and demerits of existing PARADIS identification schemes and provide a summary of the current state of the art. Moreover, we propose a new authentication scheme based on PRARDIS and discuss its security and feasibility in the SAE/LTE application. We also highlight the open problems of PRARDIS and motivate future works.
The forthcoming internet of things—an intelligent collaboration of resource-limited devices such as wireless sensor nodes that are embedded in the daily lives of users—poses new challenges to security and end-user privacy. One of the most challenging problems is the thwarting of replica attacks. Once a sensor node is physically captured, it can be reprogrammed and replicated into a large number of replicas, which may maliciously occupy the network. Thus far, various schemes have been proposed to detect replicas; however, most of them require expensive hardware such as a global positioning system. In general, the ideal price for a sensor node is as low as one dollar, and thus, it is equipped with limited resources; hence, it is not practical to employ additional devices. In this paper, we propose a low-priced and efficient solution for replica detection in static wireless sensor networks. Although the proposed solution does not need any additional hardware, it exhibits similar or better performance, as compared to existing schemes. Through simulation experiments, we show that the proposed solution provides comparable performance in terms of the replica detection ratio and the time required to detect replicas. Furthermore, we show that the proposed solution saves more energy than existing schemes in most of our simulations.
Passive ultrahigh frequency (UHF) radio frequency identification (RFID) is a powerful automatic contactless identification technique that has numerous applications. The performance of passive UHF RFID system is affected seriously by the application environments. In this paper, we propose a metrical method of application environment impact for passive UHF RFID system based on fuzzy comprehensive evaluation. The metric of application environment impact is graded by the degradation of reading distance, reading rate, and reading speed of passive UHF RFID system. Analytic hierarchy process is used to calculate the weight of factors, which reduces the subjectivity of evaluation results. For avoiding the loss of valid information, weighted average operator is employed to replace traditional max min operator. The end user can know the real performance of product selected by the grade of application environment impact visually and easily use the method proposed. Experimental results indicate that the proposed method is simple, valid, fast, accurate, and practical.
Large scale constrained problems are complex problems due to their dimensionality, structure, in addition to their constraints. The performance of EAs decreases when the problem dimension increases. Decomposition-based EAs can overcome this drawback, but their performance would be affected if the interdependent variables were optimized in different subproblems. The use of EAs with variables interaction identification technique handles this issue by identifying better arrangements for decomposing a large problem into subproblems in a way that minimizes the interdependencies between them. The only technique in the literature that has been developed to identify the variables interdependency in constrained problems is the Variable Interaction Identification for Constrained problems (VIIC). This technique is tested in this paper on a real-world problem at three large dimensions which are large scale constrained optimization problems. The performance of the decomposition-based EA that uses VIIC is compared to Random Grouping approach for decomposition, for 5-Units, 10-Units, and 30-Units DED problems.
REpresentational State Transfer (REST) today represents and transfers the data-states of distrib-uted resources. Through hypermedia-based inter-actions among these representations and transfers, the web's original goal of information retrieval is accomplished. However, despite of the fact that the web today has evolved beyond information retrieval into task executions, the original web interaction model built for information browsing has not been enhanced accordingly. This paper proposes a hypermedia-based RESTful model for task expression, delegation and execution through the representations and transfers of action-states of distributed resources, termed as REpresentational Action State Transfer (REAST). The con-tributions of this paper are (1) a representation of hypermedia-based task expressions that enables the building of user-controlled interactive apps, (2) a technique for Resource Oriented Web Auto-mation (ROWA) using a dedicated media type designed for machine processing as well as ma-chine-initiated and machine-executed task expressions within the RESTful HATEOAS constraints, (3) REST-based Resource Oriented Intelligent Agents (ROIA) to act on users' behalf across the web without domain-specificity, and (4) an in-teroperability model for tasks execution involving diversified resources types (e.g., enterprise re-sources and internet of things) working seamlessly together within the RESTful architecture.
This paper focuses on proposing an easily-implemented control method for high-acceleration point-to-point motions. The control algorithm used here to handle the disturbances consists of a model-based feedforward controller, a pole-placement PD controller and a disturbance observer. Then, a fast time-domain identification technique is implemented to give the accurate model parameters, which can be directly utilized in the control algorithm. The method avoids the complicated parameters tuning process, which would be attractive in the industrial application. Experiments are carried out on a permanent magnet linear synchronous motor (PMLSM) and the results demonstrate that the proposed method is capable of achieving high-precision and fast positioning by reducing the tracking error and overshoot.
For many embedded systems it is critical to reduce power and area consumption to the absolute minimum. Increasingly, however, software programmability is gaining in importance. For example, in hearing aid processing, the processors must be made small enough to fit the smallest ear canal and also provide sufficient battery life for approximately one week of operation. As a result of increasingly connectivity and the internet of things, it is no longer sufficient to just provide the prescriptive benefit of increased audibility. Additional software layers are becoming increasingly important.
This paper presents black box modeling of steam temperature using system identification technique. The steam distillation essential oil extraction system is used to study which level of steam temperature exhibit high nonlinearity characteristic in their dynamic behavior. The model developed based on empirical data perturbed by Random Gaussian Signal (RGS). The linear and nonlinear Auto Regressive with Exogenous input (ARX) models structures are applied and validated using — model fit (%R2), Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) and correlation tests.
Analysis and mining of social media has become an important research area. A challenging problem in this area consists in the identification of a group of users with similar patterns. In this paper, we propose the classification of users based on their activity profiles (e.g., periods of the day when the user is most and least active in online communications). Activity profiles can be useful for many purposes, such as marketing and user behavior analysis. They can also serve as a basis for other techniques such as stylometric and time analysis in order to increase the precision and scalability of multiple aliases identification techniques. We have implemented a prototype tool and applied it on a dataset from the ICWSM data set Boards.ie, showing the usefulness of our classification.
In the internet of things for forest data monitoring, the horizontal and vertical coordinates of a fire point could be calculated by the weight of the sensor node. By introducing the concept of weighted centroid localization, the fire point can be quickly positioned. The algorithm provides a strong basis for fire point positioning in forest fire monitoring by comparison experiment, which can reduce forest fires loss.
With the development of the internet of things, battery maintaining of trillion sensor nodes becomes prohibitive both in time and costs. Power system with energy harvesting provides a promising solution. However, conventional energy harvesting systems with storage suffer from low efficiency because of conversion loss, storage leakage and so on. Direct supply systems without an energy buffer can achieve high efficiency, but fail to satisfy quality of service due to mismatches between energy harvesting and workloads. This paper proposes a novel dual-channel photovoltaic power system which hybrids a direct power path and a conventional supercapacitor power path. A power management unit is developed to control the channels according to real time solar condition. The nonvolatile processor enables the node system to run reliably and efficiently under varying solar profiles. We develop a simulation platform with real component parameters to validate the proposed techniques. Experimental results demonstrate up to 31.87% energy efficiency improvement under same design cost against the conventional architecture.
Wireless LANs (WLANs) are increasingly becoming popular. Indeed the trend is to use WLAN interfaces in many instruments and devices. This increasing number of user terminals in WLANs has thrown new access issues. This motivates the redesign of the current wireless media access schemes. We analyze the performance of such high density WLANs and discuss the limitations of the IEEE 802.11 Distributed Coordination Function (DCF) when request to send/clear to send (RTS/CTS) is used as a media access management scheme. Our numerical evaluation and simulation studies exhibit a significant performance reduction when the RTS/CTS access scheme is used due to an increased number of RTS frame collisions. This happens when the density of WLANs starts increasing. We thus propose a novel sector-based RTS/CTS scheme that allows a significant throughput improvement for massive access scenarios in high densityWLANs by utilizing a spatially orthogonal access scheme. This type of access scheme would be particularly beneficial in machine-to-machine (M2M) communication networks and for internet of things (IoT) applications.
Chipless RFID tags provide low-cost identification codes for tracking and identification purposes. Most of the researches in this area are concerned with the design considerations of chipless RFID tags. On the other hand, identification technique employed in the reader plays an important role in the detection of the tag. The data is incorporated as complex natural resonances (CNRs) of the tag. The transmitting antenna interrogates the tag, and scattered signal is affected by two different phenomena. The first part of the response in the time-domain is early-time response which emanates from the scattering centers of the tag. The local resonances in the early-time provide the global resonances of the structure in the late-time. In the frequency domain, the scattered field from the tag is the combination of the early-time and late-time responses which depends on the polarization, direction and the distance of the tag from the transmitting and receiving antennas. Based on singularity expansion method, we expect to have a maxima for each CNR in the frequency response of the late-time response, which is not the case for the total field. It will be shown in this presentation that the absolute value of frequency-domain RCS data and the group-delay analysis are not sufficient for extracting the poles of the tag. Depending on the polarization, direction of arrival and distance of the tag compared to the receiving antenna, the resonant frequencies of the tag may be mistaken or concealed by the spatial variations of the fields.
As requirements for the monitoring of warehouse environment tends to be more instant, precise and intelligent, this paper proposed a system framework for the monitoring of warehouse environment based on the technology of internet of things. Based on the framework proposed, a solution of warehouse environment monitoring and realized monitoring systems on three platforms, including monitor terminal, B/S web application and mobile devices is given. The ZigBee and other wireless technology are used to construct warehouse environment monitoring network. The temperature, humidity, smoke, light, entrance guard and human motion are auto monitored and controlled. With the integration of wireless sensor net, communications equipment and monitoring system on different platform, monitoring of warehouse environment become more instant, automatic and intelligent.
We present a novel ultrasound echo identification technique based on the Singular Value Decomposition of Cross Wigner-Ville Distribution. The theoretical background is presented and followed with detailed explanation of each stage of the signal identification algorithm. We then apply this new echo separation method on asymmetric simulated ultrasound signals. The extracted echo time locations are in good agreement with the actual values.
In this paper the dynamic behavior of a microgrid is investigated using eigenanalysis and system identification techniques. A detailed nonlinear model of the microgrid is developed in Matlab/Simulink and is used to obtain a linearized approximation to perform eigenanalysis. Moreover, the system eigenvalues are also analyzed by applying a system identification technique on the dynamic responses. The results from both methods are compared and evaluated. A microgrid with rotating and inverter-interfaced units is studied and results for various operating scenarios, such as changes in the synchronous generators torque, load changes and changes in the inverters setpoints, are presented. The influence of each parameter change on the system eigenvalues is highlighted.
This paper presents a new method to compute dynamic equivalents of active distribution grids. The method is based on the identification of dominant electromechanical modes of oscillations by using the instantaneous Euclidean distance in polar coordinates in a benchmark distribution grid. The method aims to preserve the dominant electromechanical modes in a dynamic equivalent model. A model parameter identification technique is used to compute the parameters of equivalent generators.
Adaptive out-of-step protection for multi-machine system using wide area measurements was studied in this paper. Two schemes were developed to detect the out-of-step condition. One is based on the real time swing curves directly, and the other on real-time extended equal area criteria. Both of them require identifying the groups of coherent generators, so a fast online coherency identification technique suitable for online applications was also developed. These two schemes are intended to be applied in the system control centers since they require wide area measurement. The developed schemes were tested on a 127-bus system. Compared with those methods based on assumed system conditions and indirect information, the proposed schemes in this paper are more reliable since they adapt to the prevailing system conditions.
The analysis of electromechanical oscillatory modes offers essential information on the stability of power systems. This paper investigates the use of the natural excitation technique (NExT) in conjunction with the eigensystem realization algorithm (ERA) for the modal analysis of power systems. The NExT-ERA is a multivariate method utilizing data that are measured from several locations in the power grid. The method is capable of utilizing synchronously measured data from a wide area monitoring system (WAMS) as well as unsynchronized measurements,such as measurements of individual relays' recorders. The performance of the NExT-ERA method is analyzed by applying it to data generated with test systems. The method is also applied to actual measurements received from the Nordic power system. The results indicate that the frequencies and damping ratios of electromechanical oscillatory modes can be analyzed by using the NExT-ERA method. Thus,the method is a promising identification technique for wide-area monitoring of electromechanical oscillations.
This work investigates the aging effects of the degraded effective heat dissipation path of power semiconductor devices. Solder layer fatigue is identified as one of the commonly observed wear-out failures that reduces the system availability and reliability. A health monitoring method is proposed with system identification techniques,which allows for the early detection of the presence of abnormal thermal behaviors and evaluation of solder layer health. The thermal network is built for thermal characterization and it can be updated online with system identification technique. This can ensure the junction temperature being accurately estimated under the condition of degraded heat dissipation path. A fast and low computational burden estimation method is preferred for online implementation and the Fast Affine Projection algorithm is used. Compared with conventional adaptive algorithm,such as Least Mean Squares and Recursive Least Squares methods,it has fast convergence speed and low computational burden. The simulation result shows its superior performance to the alternative techniques.
This paper describes a novel method for the identification of time-varying ankle joint dynamic stiffness during large passive movements. The method estimates a linear parameter varying parallel-cascade (LPV-PC) model of joint stiffness consisting of two pathways: (a) an LPV impulse response function (IRF) for intrinsic mechanics and (b) an LPV Hammerstein cascade with time-varying static nonlinearity and a time-invariant linear dynamics for the reflex pathway. A subspace identification technique is used to estimate a statespace representation of the reflex stiffness dynamics. Then,an orthogonal projection decouples intrinsic from reflex response and subsequently identifies an LPV-IRF model of intrinsic stiffness. Finally,an LPV model of the reflex static nonlinearity is estimated using an iterative,separable least squares method. The LPV method was validated using experimental data from two healthy subjects where the ankle was moved passively by an actuator through its range of motion first without and then with perturbations. The identification results demonstrated that (a) the dynamic response of the intrisic pathway changes systematically with joint position;and (b) the static nonlinearity of the reflex pathway resembles a half-wave rectifier whose threshold decreases and gain increases as ankle is moved to dorsiflexed position.
Mapping the brain and its complex networked structure has been one of the most researched topics in the last decade and continues to be the path towards understanding brain diseases. In this paper we present a new approach to estimating the connectivity between neurons in a network model. We use systems identification techniques for nonlinear dynamic models to compute the synaptic connections from other pre-synaptic neurons in the population. We are able to show accurate estimation even in the presence of model error and inaccurate assumption of post-synaptic potential dynamics. This allows to compute the connectivity matrix of the network using a very small time window of membrane potential data of the individual neurons. The specificity and sensitivity measures for randomly generated networks are reported.
The adoption of dense industrial wireless network technologies in industrial plants is mandatorily paired with the development of methods and tools for connectivity prediction. These can be used to certify the quality (or reliability) of network information flow in industrial scenarios characterized by harsh propagation environments. Connectivity prediction must account for possibly coexisting heterogeneous radio access technologies as part of the internet of things (IoT) paradigm and easily allow post layout validation steps. The goal of the paper is to provide a practical evaluation of relevant coexistence problems between IEEE 802.15.4 and IEEE 802.11 networks,adopted here as widely used industry standards. Two different scenarios are tested with different radio platforms. Experimental results highlight the tolerable interference levels and sensitivity thresholds under different channel overlapping scenarios.
Internet of Things is an important support for smart grid,and the smart grid is an important application of the internet of things. The industrial development of internet of things has risen to national strategy. In this paper,the basic connotations,features,architecture in IoT in China power grid and the relationship with the smart grid are introduced and the current shortcomings are analysed. Combined with the planning and operational characteristics of smart grid,the development stage,hierarchical research and the key technology are summarized. Finally,we look forward to an advanced form of IoT in power grid.
A low complexity low power transmitter architecture for narrow band applications is presented,consisting of two single polar transmitters for the 900MHz and the 2.4GHz band,respectively. Only a single 1.8GHz local oscillator signal is used employing self-upmixing for the 2.4 GHz output. The transmitter supports arbitrary IQ modulation schemes and OFDM to fulfill the Bluetooth 4.0 “Smart”,IEEE 802.15.4/Zigbee,IEEE 802.15.4g “SUN” (Smart Metering Utility Networks),and IEEE 802.11ah Sub-GHz WLAN standards. Special emphasis is placed on keeping the digital signal processing power efficient while preserving enough flexibility to fulfill all mentioned standards. The low complexity polar transmitter frontends are also described in detail. The intended output power is 24dBm for the lower band and 13dBm for the upper band to achieve high ranges even without additional external power amplifiers. The transmitter is used in a system-on-a-chip RF transceiver for smart utility networks and the internet of things. It has been fabricated in a 130-nm CMOS technology.
Recently it has been observed that internet of things (IoT) technology is being introduced in medical environment to achieve a global connectivity with the patient,sensors and everything around it. The main goal of this global connectivity is to provide a context awareness to make the patient's life easier and the clinical process more effective. IPv6,the new Internet Protocol has made every grain of sand on earth addressable and thus emergence of a new technology called IoT. IoT is simply a machine to machine M2M communication and Sensor nodes are proved to be best suited for this new technology. IPv6 over low power wireless personal area network (6LoWPAN) has attracted lots of attention recently as it can be used for communication of IoT. This paper provides a framework for medical environment,for reducing handoff (HO) latency and signaling overhead while the patient is on the move inside the hospital premises and further it can be applied to other domains also where can be applicable. Sensor nodes can be used for collecting the particular parameters of human body which constitutes wireless body area network (WBAN). The proposed framework surely reduces the signaling overhead and thus the HO latency and hence there will be an improvement in QoS.
In this paper,a novel time recursive implementation of the Sparse Learning via Iterative Minimization (SLIM) algorithm is proposed,in the context of adaptive system identification. The proposed scheme exhibits fast convergence and tracking ability at an affordable computational cost. Numerical simulations illustrate the achieved performance gain in comparison to other existing adaptive sparse system identification techniques.
To solving the real-time material delivery problems from the warehouse to workstations of the mixed model automotive assembly line in accordance with the production cycle. The material flow of automotive assembly,type of material and the production characteristic were analyzed in order to feed material timely & properly. The material real-time delivery system based on field bus has been developed. The material pull systems based on Kanban technology was developed in the environment of JIT production environment. The network architecture of the material monitor system based on internet of things was established. A multi-objective materials delivery model considering from optimization objectives,constraints and impact factors was proposed. The materials transportation costs,materials transportation time and materials storage on-line are considered as optimize objective function. The hybrid particle swarm algorithm was designed and the coding design,particle generation,fitness function,crossover operation,mutation operation of the algorithm was presented. The validity of the model and algorithm was verified by a case of material collaborative delivery problem for gearbox assembly. The results show that the hybrid particle swarm algorithm is feasible and superior to genetic algorithm.
This paper focuses on packaging of thin film thermoelectric generators (TEG) for energy harvesting applications in sensor nodes for the internet of things (IoT). The TEGs have to be robust against mechanical stress caused by the assembly and packaging process steps and the mismatch of the coefficients of thermal expansion of the used materials. In this work,the mechanical stability of TEGs was evaluated by using a shear force test apparatus and a four line bending test. Furthermore the influence of underfill and stress decoupling thermal adhesives on the mechanical performance was investigated. It could be shown that underfill between the two substrates improves the shear force stability of the investigated thermoelectric generators. During mechanical tests the internal electrical resistance of the modules was monitored. It was observed,that the electrical shutdown coincides with the mechanical shutdown of the generator. By using selected thermal adhesives with and without underfill a sufficient robustness of the thermoelectric generator against typical warpage as known from a standard molded land grid array (LGA) sensor package was achieved.
M2M is the core technology to implement the internet of things,and it is applied to collect,transmit and manage the business information in power industry,mining industry and transportation industry. This article firstly introduces the concept of the M2M and gives the network architecture of the M2M technology. Then it analyzes the security threats of M2M including false trigger indication,stealing the M2M devices,moving the M2M devices to unauthorized location and node compromise attack in the M2M terminal layer,and stealing or tampering the information or DOS attack in the M2M network layer,the threat of system reliability in the M2M application system. On the basis of these,the current security mechanisms are given including node location identifiers,detecting the node compromise attack,Two-Way Authentication and dual system.
Subspace identification techniques have gained widespread acceptance as a method of obtaining a low-order model from data. These are based on using the singular-value decomposition as a means of estimating the underlying system order and extracting a basis for the extended observability space. In the presence of noise rank determination becomes difficult and the low rank estimates lose the structure required for exact realizability. Furthermore the noise corrupts the singular values in a manner that is inconsistent with physical noise processes. These problems are addressed by an optimization based approach using a nuclear norm minimization objective. By using Hankel matrices as the underlying data structure exact realizability of the low rank system models is maintained. Noise in the data enters the formulation linearly, allowing for the inclusion of more realistic noise weightings. A cumulative spectral weight is presented and shown to be useful in estimating models from data corrupted via noise. A numerical example illustrates the characteristics of the problem.
Compact model extraction of phase-locked loop (PLL) frequency synthesizer using system identification techniques is proposed to reduce post-layout simulation time. This is the first published compact model for PLL using system identification techniques. It features an autoregressive exogenous model for the charge pump and the loop filter with a lookup table for nonlinearity compensation and a radial basis function neural network for the voltage-controlled oscillator with nonlinear frequency-voltage relationship, thereby reducing the post-layout simulation time to 26% of the original circuits with the accuracy of 93%.
In a wind power system,the wind turbine captures wind energy and converts it into electric energy through a coupled rotating generator. This renewable energy conversion system usually consists of a wind turbine,rotor,gearbox and mostly a doubly fed induction generator (DFIG). It is a complex non-linear multi-input multi-output system with many uncertain factors. Meanwhile,the dynamics of the system is quite dependent on the wind velocity. Traditional analytical methods are quite difficult to model such a complex system. The recently developed data-driven method can be a suitable modelling technique for such system. Using a large amount of input-output on-line measurement data from the selected months,neural networks and neuro-fuzzy networks are fully utilised to model the DFIG. Detailed analysis and comparisons with the classical system identification techniques are addressed to show the advantages of the data-driven DFIG modelling approach.
The next wave driving the expansion of the Internet will come from the Internet of Things. Bluetooth LE is a rapidly emerging ultra-low-power radio technology expected to be incorporated in billions of IoT devices in the next few years. Consequently,it is particularly important to specify Internet connectivity solutions for Bluetooth LE. In this article we present such solutions based on the ongoing standardization work in the IETF and Bluetooth Special Interest Group. We prove the feasibility of a complete IP-based protocol stack on constrained devices and illustrate its performance,highlighting key trade-offs. In addition,we discuss gateway operation covering global IPv6 connectivity and proxy-cache functionality.
Quadriplegia is a medical condition characterized by partial or complete paralysis of the four limbs and torso. Paraplegia is a variant of quadriplegia and is an impairment in motor or sensory function of the lower extremities. An automated wheelchair is a step taken with an intention to make a difference especially to the lives of these sections of people with restricted mobility. The different modes of control for the movement of the chair are made available in a modular form and can be incorporated by the user based on specific needs. Apart from the controls like joystick,chin control,voice activation,control through head movement,through calls made using a mobile,this chair can also be remotely controlled through the internet. Raspberry Pi is used as a master controller for both joystick as well as internet control. This paper specifically presents the details of control of the smart wheel chair through the internet using the technology of internet of things.
The biometric human identification technique based on the iris of an individual is well suited in providing authentication features for any system that demands high security. This paper examines a novel technique for implementation of Iris Identification in biometric systems that is invariant to distance and tilt variations. The methodology explains relative normalization to compensate the variations and radial trace for feature extraction. Unique binary signature code for every iris is generated.
For the purpose of accurate position control in the majority of mechanical control systems,the parameters of the system should be determined either by the manufacturer or by using system identification techniques. In this paper,a new approach is presented for estimating the parameters of an overhead crane that includes the actuators' parameters and coulomb friction modeling as well. The main idea behind this approach is inspired by independent joint control strategy in robot manipulator control field in which the actuators are considered as the main process to be controlled. The nonlinear dynamics of the overhead crane is then modeled as disturbances acting on each actuator. The outcome is a decoupled model that enables us to determine the parameters of the overhead crane in each direction of motion independently using Recursive Least Squares technique. The experimental results on a laboratory-sized overhead crane indicate high accuracy in the identified system model and a potential of its application in the design of high-performance control systems for overhead cranes.
This work observes that many translation lookaside buffer (TLB) misses in Java workloads originate from barren pages. That is,pages that contain mostly dead objects sprinkled with only a few live objects. Barren pages experience only a few accesses every time they are touched thrashing a conventional TLB. This work characterizes the barren page phenomenon and proposes (1) a low-cost barren page identification technique,and (2) two simple,low-cost techniques for improving TLB performance: (a) The Barren Page First (BPF) replacement policy extends an existing TLB replacement policy to prefer barren pages on evictions. (b) Selective In-Cache Translation Caching (SICTC) avoids installing barren pages in the TLB by augmenting one way of a virtually-indexed,physically-tagged L1 data cache with virtual tags. For all workloads considered BPF and SICTC not only prove robust but also improve performance by 1.7% and 5.1% on average and by up to 4.6% and 12.0% respectively.
Multi-unit vibration frequency is low,the state information exist mutual interference problems,the traditional state monitoring method mainly analyzed the signal equipment unit stability,once the state signal equipment units appeared significant volatility,the status of equipment unit monitoring information is unable to obtain accurately. This paper presented the remote condition monitoring method of multi unit multi sampling frequency signal operation technology,signal acquisition unit respectively for each device by different sensors,the equipment unit state signal by preprocessing and converted into discrete device status signal,according to the equipment state signal sampling factor,the discrete device status signal multi rate sampling,processing,through the wide area network to a multi rate processing equipment after the state signal,transmitted to the remote receiver,analysis the equipment state signal correlation in the remote receiving end,realize remote real-time monitoring state of equipment unit. Simulation results show that,under the internet of things,the proposed method for multi unit state monitoring efficiency and accuracy are better than the traditional method,is an efficient remote condition monitoring method for multi unit.
The "the internet of things" will require security in fracture on small devices. This task is made more difficult as large quantum computers may appear soon and break currently standard PKCs (public-key cryptosystems). In anticipation,PKCs which can survive quantum computing ("post quantum cryptosystems",or PQCs) are actively being studied. However,effort put into building infrastructure for PQCs has been insufficient,in particular w.r.t. The lack a comprehensive library with a quantum-computing-resilient option for each public-key task. We present such a post quantum SSL/TLS library using publicly available parameters. We adapted this library from Polar SSL rather than the more popular Open SSL because it was a much cleaner code base to work from. We have also refactored the original Polar SSL code base to facilitate the incorporation of future cryptosystems. While testing is yet incomplete,both throughput and code size seem reasonable,facilitating adoption in resource-limited devices.
Since OCR engines are usually script-dependent,automatic text recognition in multi-script document requires a pre-processor module that identifies the scripts. Based on this motivation,in this paper,we present a word level handwritten Indian script identification technique. To handle this,words are first segmented by morphological dilation and performed connected component labelling. We then employ the Radon transform,discrete wavelet transform,statistical filters and discrete cosine transform to extract the directional multi-resolution spatial features. We tested the features by using linear discriminant analysis,support vector machine and K-nearest neighbour classifiers over 11 different major Indian scripts (including Roman) in bi-script and tri-script scenario. In our tests,we have achieved maximum accuracies of 98% and 96% for bi-script and tri-scipt respectively.
In this paper,we consider a server cooling system in a data center with fans and a super-multipoint temperature sensing technology using optimal time-domain reflectometry of optical fiber. The sensing system was developed to visualize the temperature distribution of the room in real time,and it can also be a key technology to control the distribution in order to reduce total power consumption in data centers. In this paper,we first present a concept of the fan control system. The objective of the system is to uniformize the rack air inlet temperature distribution in the presence of heat from each server. Since the control scheme requires a dynamical model of the temperature variations in the room,this paper mainly addresses the modeling. The challenge of the modeling stems from a large volume of data provided by the sensing system. It is computationally hard to directly apply standard identification techniques to the data. We thus present a two-stage reduction scheme of the output dimension using the concept of so-called mutual information. The effectiveness of the proposed scheme is finally demonstrated using real data.
In many applications,the use of slender and light flexible structures has increased due to the requirement of more efficient structures. The main objective of this work is to suppress vibration at the free end of a single-link rotational robot subjected to a harmonic disturbance located near to the tip of the link The control architecture is made up of two independent control loops;the first loop is employed to control the position of the hub and the second loop is used to attenuate the vibration of the arm. The position control of the hub is achieved through a proportional integral derivative (PID) controller with feedforward gains. The active vibration control (AVC) is achieved implementing a linear parameter varying (LPV) gain-scheduling observer-based state-feedback controller. A pair of piezoelectric patches is used as actuator. The link is considered as a cantilevered beam,and its model is obtained using black box system identification techniques. The AVC loop is considered to be affected by one harmonic disturbance generated by a DC motor and one transient disturbance induced by inertial force from the movement of the rotational joint at the measure point. The arm is subjected to different joint trajectories and to different variations of the frequency of the harmonic disturbance. Experimental results show the effectiveness of the observer-based state-feedback controller for the rejection of unwanted vibration and its capability of increasing the damping of the structure.
This paper presents a person identification technique that uses information from person's shadow,and is robust to appearance changes caused by variations of clothes and carried objects. The technique uses invisible lights and resulting shadows and has advantages from undetected sensing. The shadows on the ground obtained through illumination by multiple lights can be considered as silhouettes captured by multiple virtual cameras placed at light positions. Thus,a single camera,e.g. in the ceiling,is able to obtain multiple silhouettes,equivalent to a multi-camera system. If the person's appearance changes compared to the training cases in the database,e.g. by wearing different clothes or carrying a/another bag,then the identification performance gets worse. To deal with this problem,we introduce a new shadow-based identification technique robust to appearance changes. Firstly,we divide each shadow area into several parts,and estimate the discrimination capability for each part based on gait features between gallery datasets and probe dataset. Next,according to the estimated capability,we adaptively control the priorities of these parts in the person identification method. We constructed a new shadow database with a variety of clothes and bags,and carried out successful experiments to verify the effectiveness of the proposed technique.
The internet of LED (IoL) is a novel paradigm,proposed in this paper,where the main enabling technologies are the integration of LED identification (LED-ID) and internet technology. LED-ID is one of the promising technologies of visible light communication for identification,data transmission and illumination simultaneously. Due to the heterogeneity of two different domains,the requirements of interconnectivity between LED-ID system and the internet technologies are addressed here with varied performance expectations. The internet over VLC system is the new addition in internet of things arena for providing different kinds of smart services which are briefly introduced in this paper. We have also proposed modified MAC architecture,orthogonal latin square (OLS) based backoff scheduling,and scalable GTS allocation.
This paper presents an epoch extraction method from the phase spectrum of speech signals. The phase spectrum of speech is modelled as the response of an allpass (AP) system. The coefficients of AP system are estimated by imposing sparsity constraint on the input signal. The AP residual is estimated using orthogonal matching pursuit and it is found that the residual signal exhibits prominent peaks at epoch locations and negligible values elsewhere. A dynamic programming algorithm is employed to select appropriate peaks from AP residual corresponding to epoch locations. Epoch extraction performance of the proposed algorithm is evaluated on a subset of CMU Arctic database. The AP modelling based epoch extraction method is compared with two state-of-the-art epoch identification techniques,namely DYPSA and zero frequency resonator (ZFR). It is observed that the proposed algorithm delivers equivalent performance as that of ZFR for clean speech and significantly out-performs ZFR for telephone speech. Also the AP modelling based method provided slightly better epoch identification rate than DYPSA for clean as well as telephone speech.
With many applications of internet of things (IoT) technology in smart grid,the power internet of things (PIoT) faces new issues in security,especially in sensing applications. This paper illustrates perspective of the PIoT and its security,and gives the security framework,security policies and appropriate countermeasures. Since the PIoT is a huge complex cyber-physical network,the study on the security of PIoT,especially the influence of the perception layer,is of importance from both the architecture and measures. Considering about the huge numbers of new technologies and intelligent devices,we propose a global perspective security framework from perception layer to application layer. Meanwhile,we also give the security policies and measures. Some of researches in this paper have been adopted in some projects,the results show that the design is effective.
Accurate and real-time online monitoring of substation equipments is of vital importance to the reliability of intelligent substations. Optical fiber Bragg grating (FBG) sensors and Internet of Things (loT) are key enablers to achieve accurate,real-time and intelligent online monitoring. In this paper we present a highly reliable and extensible online monitoring system built upon FBG sensors and loT technologies. Future research work is also presented.
The problem of identifying unripe fruits using a non-destructive evaluation methodology is of great interest. In this paper the natural frequency estimation methodology described by the singularity expansion method (SEM) is used to evaluate the state of maturity of the mangosteen fruit using a non-destructive classification technique. The methodology is based on a RADAR identification technique based on the scattered field data is used to accomplish this goal. The classification is carried out using the SEM poles computed using the Cauchy method using the scattered field data for a mangosteen as it matures. Then,a pole library is constructed and is used in a classification scheme.
This demonstration shows an innovative and secure framework targeting access control in the internet of things,with NFC (Near Field Communication) enabled smartphones. NFC peer to peer communications are protected by the well known TLS protocol;services working over this stack are identified,according to NFC standards,by a name. Two use cases are presented in order to control an electronic lock. In the first one a password,is securely pushed from the mobile to the lock according to legacy NFC protocol. In the second one the key is stored in an EMV bank card plugged to a server,and is remotely checked. Parts of this framework are detailed by IETF drafts.
A large number of intelligent network control protocols are used in the field of the internet of things. But a variety of network protocols have different data formats,inconsistent transmission mode and various solutions,etc. Especially the processing of uncertain data. To integrate IP networks,ZigBee wireless sensor network and the GPRS mobile phone network data,a solution is proposed to deal with the fusion of a variety of heterogeneous network protocol data in the paper,which achieves seamless switching and forwarding data between heterogeneous networks under multi-protocol. For the uncertain data obtained by the sensors,an algorithm is also proposed,the correlation calculation and determination algorithm of uncertain data streams which determines the credibility of these data. The final decision-making conclusions will be done based on judgment decisions by solution rules. Based on the two above methods,the smart home control system is designd and realized in this study. The results show that system and algorithms are feasible and validate,it achieves seamless switching and forwarding of data between heterogeneous networks and effectively identifies the uncertain data.
A comparison between asymptotic and non-asymptotic identification algorithms for a first-order plus time delay system is discussed. This paper describes three methods to identify a mathematical model for a real process with a time delay from experimental data,namely: area,parametric and algebraic methods. These methods are all demonstrated on the Process Trainer,PT326 from Feedback Instruments Limited. The main goal of this communication is to test the robustness and convergence of each method. The best results are obtained using the algebraic approach recently proposed in [1]–[3] and widely studied in [4],[5].
Single-input and single-output (SISO) controlled autoregressive moving average system by using a scalar factor input-output data is considered. Through data scaling,a simple identification technique is obtained. Using input-output scaling factors a data Recursive Least Squares (RLS) method for estimating the parameters of a linear model and contemporary sinusoidal disturbance detection is deduced. For estimating parameters of a model in nano range a very high frequency input signal with a very small sampling rate is needed. The main contribution of this work consists of the use of a scaled Recursive Least Square with a forgetting factor. Using this proposed technique,a low input signal frequency and a wider sampling rate can be used to identify the parameters. In the meantime,the scaling technique reduces the effect of the external disturbance so that RLS can be applied to identify the disturbance without considering a model of it. The proposed technique is quite general and can be applied to any kind of linear systems. The simulation results indicate that the proposed algorithm is effective.
Data streams are high volume of multi-dimensional unlabeled data generated in environments such as stock market,astronomical data,Weblogs,Click streams,Flood,Fire and Crops monitoring. Knowledge discovery in data streams is valuable task for research,business and community. The fundamental step of knowledge discovery in data stream is the classification of the data streams in target classes. In this paper we have proposed classification mechanism for the data streams,conventional classification algorithm are of little significance in data streams due to the complex nature,unbounded memory requirements and concept drifting problem in data streams. The proposed method takes a novel approach towards the classification of the data streams through applying unsupervised classification techniques such as clustering followed by supervised classifier such as Support Vector Machine. The high volume data is sampled and reduced with Simple Aggregation and Approximation (SAX) Density based clustering algorithm DB Scan is applied on the data stream to reveal the number of classes present and subsequently label the data. Support vector Machine (SVM) is a well-known and proven supervised classification algorithm,SVM are applied to classify the label data. We tested our proposed method on the Intel Lab Data set,a data set of four environmental variables (Temperature,Voltage,Humidity,light) collected through 54 Mica2Dot sensors over 36 Days at per second rate. We have sampled the data stream in days and window of certain size n is trained on the SVM classifier. The algorithm is evaluated on different test size and average accuracy of 80% is obtained.
Person re-identification across different surveillance cameras with disjoint fields of view has become one of the most interesting and challenging subjects in the area of intelligent video surveillance. Although several methods have been developed and proposed,certain limitations and unresolved issues remain. In all of the existing re-identification approaches,feature vectors are extracted from segmented still images or video frames. Different similarity or dissimilarity measures have been applied to these vectors. Some methods have used simple constant metrics,whereas others have utilised models to obtain optimised metrics. Some have created models based on local colour or texture information,and others have built models based on the gait of people. In general,the main objective of all these approaches is to achieve a higher-accuracy rate and lower-computational costs. This study summarises several developments in recent literature and discusses the various available methods used in person re-identification. Specifically,their advantages and disadvantages are mentioned and compared.
In this study,several advanced data-driven non-linear identification techniques are compared on a specific problem: a simplified glucoregulatory system modelling example. This problem represents a challenge in the development of an artificial pancreas for Type 1 diabetes mellitus treatment,since for this application good non-linear models are needed to design accurate closed-loop controllers to regulate the glucose level in the blood. Block-oriented as well as state-space models are used to describe both the dynamics and the non-linear behaviour of the insulin-glucose system,and the advantages and drawbacks of each method are pointed out. The obtained non-linear models are accurate in simulating the patient's behaviour,and some of them are also sufficiently simple to be considered in the implementation of a model-based controller to develop the artificial pancreas.
With the rapid development of internet of things (IoT) with various low-cost machine type communications (MTC) devices,intelligent wearable devices,vehicular sensors and environmental sensors etc,it's anticipated that trillions of wireless nodes in IoT with diversified applications and services may come to life in the fifth generation wireless communication system (5G). These devices,however,may not be handled efficiently by the current wireless communication networks,which were not designed for frequent small data packets and simultaneous massive accesses. In this paper,a novel aggregator based MTC communication architecture is proposed,where the aggregators function as MTC gateways towards the cellular network,combining connections of masive devices into single connection. Correspondingly,based on the aggregated packet characteristics and data relay modes,the aggregators will request for aggregator specific radio resource control (RRC) mechanism. Simply put,always available connectivity is desired for contiguous packets with low latency,while coordinated transmission among multiple aggregators are preferred for packets with larger delay tolerance. Through various analysis and numerical results,MTC communication with aggregators are expected to bring much improved signaling efficiency,thus handling the gigantic pressure on 5G network design from the potential trillions of MTC devices.
Semiconductor innovation through a new paradigm of 3D×3D System Scaling can carry the industry into the next decade. Besides the internet of things (IoT),cloud computing,and big data analytics,we can imagine a bionic age emerging with digitally-enhanced or semiconductor-augmented vision,hearing,limbs,and many other capabilities,such as cognitive computing,universal translators,and brain wave interfaces/communications. It is important to leverage the silicon platform and be part of a symbiotic ecosystem,such as TSMC's Grand Alliance and OIP platform,to enjoy the benefits of the economies of scale and collective innovation power.
This paper introduces a low-cost platform using the LEGO Mindstorms NXT kit and the NXC software for teaching control theories in undergraduate courses. The total cost of the kit and the software is under $500,so it makes this combination a very cheap alternative for establishing a control systems laboratory. The platform can be used to demonstrate: 1) parameter identification technique;and 2) cross-coupled control. The experimental result shows that the proposed testbed can be viewed as an efficient tool for the education of control engineering as well as C programming language,robots,and digital signal processing with a minimum burden of time and cost
Swellings identification from Head and Neck computed tomography image data is an important but time consuming task performed manually by medical experts. Automating this process is challenging due to the high diversity in the appearance of tumor tissues among different patients. In many cases,the task of identifying the location of the tumor in Head and Neck is very complicated. The abnormal tissues have to be removed without causing any lacerations in the adjacent structures during entry or exit from the area subject to the tumor removal operation. This paper deals with a new identification technique for extracting the brain tumors in computed tomography images using Support Vector Machine (SVM). In the training phase,the SVM is used as an identifier to identify the tumor from the brain MRI images. The 2-D images are lexicographic ordered to 1-D signals,and then the Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCCs) are extracted from these 1-D signals or from their transforms. The SVM is then used to match the extracted features in the testing phase to those of the training phase. The method is applied to a set of real data of 20 MRI images with normal and abnormal tumors. Experimental results show that the recognition rate for features extracted from the Discrete Sine Transform (DST) of images contaminated by Additive White Gaussian Noise (AWGN),features extracted from images plus the Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) of images contaminated by impulsive noise,and features extracted from images plus the DST of images contaminated by speckle noise achieve better performance compared to the existing techniques.
Green computing has emerged as a hot topic leading to a need to understand energy consumption of computations. This need also extends to devices with limited resources as are common in the internet of things. RESTful services have shown their potential on such devices,but there are many choices of frameworks for their development and execution. Current research has analysed performance of the frameworks but no attention has been given to systematically studying their power consumption. In this paper we analyse the execution behaviour and power consumption of web services on devices with limited resources and make initial observations that should influence future development of web service frameworks. Specifically,we conduct experiments comparing web services in the Axis2 and CXF frameworks analysing the respective performance and power consumption. Bringing together the best features of small devices and SoC,it is possible to provide diverse,mobile and green applications — however careful selection of development environments can make significant differences in performance and energy consumption.
Equipment identification is one of the important challenges in Industrial plants. Most of existing equipment identification techniques uses an identification code such as QR code,RFID [1] or a reference image [2] to identify the equipments uniquely. These techniques demand the user to manually point the tracking device at the equipment for identification. The pain point here is in locating the QR code/RFID tag on the equipment and scanning the identification code thereafter. Also any wear and tear in the identification code will adversely affect the equipment identification process. Moreover,it requires more effort in terms of time,proper planning and execution for generating and managing identification code for the equipment.Another challenge is to take appropriate action(s) once the equipment is identified. Typically these actions will be implemented as a part of the software application in the tracking device. The software application in the electronic device handles the execution of these actions. Addition of any new action will require a software update on the tracking device. Managing the release overheads is another pain point in this context.This article deals with a mobile solution,to overcome these challenges and difficulties. This solution identifies the equipments based on the location details of the equipment. It also has the capability to performing resultant actions configured from a central location.
A literature survey of some techniques used to extract features of a fingerprint as well as matching them with the database is specified in this paper. Some of the surveyed research papers have used traditional procedures such as identification techniques and verification techniques,whereas the other articles have used novel methods. To design and develop a fingerprint feature extraction method and to match them using pixel details,first of all fingerprints of good quality are acquired using a high resolution scanner. Image enhancement and thinning could be done. Finally features are extracted and estimated. These estimated features are used to match with the template database using pixel based matching algorithm. The features are unique,which allow a single feature to be suitably matched with high possibility against a large database of features.
in a nearby future 5G technologies will connect the world from the largest megacities to the smallest internet of things in an always online fashion. Such a connected hierarchy must combine the smart cities,the smart homes,and the internet of things into one large coherent infrastructure. This paper suggest a four layer model which join and interfaces these elements by deploying technologies such as 5G,internet of things,cloud of things,and distributed artificial intelligence. Many advantages and service possibilities are offered by this new infrastructure such as interconnected internet of things,smart homes with artificial intelligence,and a platform for new combined smart home and smart city services based on big-data.
This paper considers a single-input and single-output (SISO) controlled autoregressive moving average system by using scalar factors of the input-output data. A general identification technique,through scaling data,is obtained. To obtain this data,Recursive Least Squares (RLS) methods are used to estimate the nano parameters of a linear model using input-output scaling factors. Different variations of the RLS method are tested and compared. The first RLS method uses a forgetting factor and the second method is integrated with a Kalman Filter covariance. In order to estimate the parameters in the nano range,the input signal requires a very high frequency and thus a very high sampling rate is required. Although using this proposed technique,a broader sampling rate and an input signal with low frequency can be used to identify the nano parameters characterizing the linear model. The simulation results indicate that the proposed algorithm is effective and robust. The main contribution of this work is to provide a scaled identification bandwidth and sampling rate of the detecting signal in the identification process.
In this paper,we put forward a coupled electromechanical model with differential equation arrays for an electret-based energy harvester with out-of-the plane gap closing scheme. The model is numerically solved for output voltage and displacement of the moveable electrode with given parameters by Matlab/Simulink software. Furthermore,system optimization is carried out using the coupled model to find the optimal values for the load resistance and the initial air gap to maximize the output power. For instance,at an external load resistance of 1 G?,a power output of 67 μW is achieved with the initial gap of 380 μm. This output power is promising for the potential applications on the wireless sensor networks and the internet of things.
This paper describes a novel data modulation method for ultra-low-power wireless uplink communication between a client device of the internet of things (IoT) and a base station (or an access point). The proposed scheme is dubbed as subcarrier index coordinate expression (SICE),which utilizes the indices of orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) subcarriers and waveforms with different phase shifts to represent the information to be sent. SICE is targeted for IoT applications with low data rate requirements,and is especially useful for battery-powered IoT devices demanding low-power communications,due to its characteristics of low peak to average power ratio (PAPR) and high power efficiency in wireless transmission. Unlike ongoing efforts in IoT wireless communications at standardization organizations which focus on simplifying functionalities of the existing protocols to save power,the technique developed in this paper is a fundamentally new and yet OFDM-compatible physical-layer approach that can drastically reduce power consumption of data transmission.
The Natural Resonant Frequencies (NRFs) obtained from the late time response of targets are aspect independent in nature and thus,is well suited for radar target identification. In resonance based identification techniques,the accurate determination of NRFs is very important. In this paper,a technique for identifying the true NRFs of objects,useful in discriminating two closely resembling objects is proposed. The NRFs are extracted from the E-field response of the object using the Vector Fitting (VF) method. The NRFs of database object and the Radar Cross Section (RCS) of unknown object are used to discriminate between them. A risk factor is defined as a measure of discrimination. In this study,ellipsoids with different axial ratios are considered for discrimination and the results are presented.
Radio Frequency IDentification (RFID) is an identification technique for storing and transferring data and it is applied for identifying and tracking tags. Our study focus on RFID tags localization by using only mobile readers without the inclusion of static readers,helps to avoid pre-deploying of static readers. We are based only on connectivity information for achieving the goal of robust 3D localization method. The benefits of this work are: an optimized system cost,a scalable system with no need of further system maintenance. Simulation results will show satisfactory localization accuracy.
Reliable,standard-based networking is one of the key enablers for mobile and ubiquitous health monitoring. In particular,multi-hop IPv6-based wireless sensor body area network is one of the most attractive candidates for true internet of things in healthcare. This paper describes a proposal for a modular system comprising 6LoWPAN communication modules,optimized modules for application-specific sensing/digital signal processing,as well as energy harvesting and energy management modules. The connection between the modules is unified,enabling the creation of a wide variety of measurement setups. The unified DSP modules can be used to measure e.g. electrical bio-impedance,ECG,multi-axis acceleration,SpO2,etc. The DSP modules are integrated with low power,small size 6LoWPAN communication controller modules;IEEE 1588-2008/PTP is used for synchronizing the data acquisition nodes.
Wireless sensor networks (WSNs) play important roles in systems that interact with the real world (e.g.,cyber-physical systems and internet of things). To mitigate the complex nature of WSNs,many platforms at different abstraction levels (e.g.,abstraction of hardware,communications,and individual nodes) have been proposed in the last decade. WSNs in different environments might employ different platforms to satisfy nonfunctional requirements (NFRs) because the diversity of platforms results in trade-offs of NFRs and the quality of WSN heavily depends on the environment it runs. Although WSN software should be highly portable,existing approaches only support porting between operating systems and not more abstract middleware. Herein we propose a methodology with a framework to capture various platforms in the WSN domain with platform-independent multi-level models. A case study demonstrates that our framework can port WSN software to platforms at different abstraction levels and adapt the software to the new platform to improve performance.
Integrated on-chip energy storage is increasingly important in the fields of internet of things,energy harvesting,and wearables with capacitors being ideal for devices requiring higher powers,low voltages,or many thousands of cycles. This work demonstrates electrochemical capacitors fabricated using porous Si nanostructures with very high surface-to-volume ratios and an electrolyte. Stability is achieved through ALD TiN or CVD carbon coatings. The use of Si processing methods creates the potential for on-chip energy storage.
In this paper,system identification techniques are applied to accurately characterize the frequency behavior of a commercially available but with unknown characteristics of a photoplethysmography (under the commercial name of Pulse Sensor). Although claimed to be open-source,the electronic schematic of this device does not allow for a full characterization of it. Therefore a second order auto-regressive with exogenous input model has been employed to find the frequency response of this system. An optical excitation circuit was developed to send a pseudo-random signal to the Pulse Sensor. Results show that the model is able to reproduce the output with a fitness of 89.7 %. The obtained model is validated by using the inverse of the obtained transfer function to reconstruct the input. Accurate determination of the frequency response of the Pulse Sensor allows for the reconstruction of the real input. The proposed approach can also be applied to teach engineering students about reverse engineering and system identification.
Script identification has long been the forerunner of many Optical Character Recognition (OCR) processes in a multi-lingual document environment. Script identification has numerous applications in the field of document image analysis,such as document sorting,indexing,retrieval and translation,etc. In this paper,we have developed a page-level script identification technique for handwritten documents using the texture features. The texture features are extracted from the document pages based on the Gray Level Co-occurrence Matrix (GLCM). The proposed technique has been evaluated on four scripts namely,Bangla,Devnagari,Telugu,and Roman using multiple classifiers. Based on their identification accuracies,it is observed that Multi Layer Perceptron (MLP) classifier performs the best. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the GLCM features in identification of handwritten scripts. Experiments are conducted on a total of 120 document pages and the overall accuracy of the system is found to be 91.48%. Though the system is evaluated on limited dataset,considering the complexities of the scripts,the result can be assumed satisfactory.
Photovoltaic energy harvesting is an attractive method of developing battery-free systems for wireless sensors,biomedicai electronics,and the internet of things (IoT). To obtain an energy-efficient system,low-power digital circuits operating in the near/sub-threshold region are widely used in such applications. Therefore,the design of a low-voltage buck converter,which converts the harvested energy to the regulated output is critical. Sub-1V buck converters have been implemented using a large inductor [1] to operate in a continuous conduction mode (CCM). Both CCM and discontinuous conduction mode (DCM) operation has been demonstrated in [2],using an analog zero current detection (ZCD) technique to extend the available output power range. However,the analog circuit limits the minimum output power to 50μW,and reduces the conversion efficiency under light load conditions.
A 1 trillion node internet of things (IoT) will require sensing platforms that support numerous applications using power harvesting to avoid the cost and scalability challenge of battery replacement in such large numbers. Previous SoCs achieve good integration and even energy harvesting [1][2][3],but they limit supported applications,need higher end-to-end harvesting efficiency,and require duty-cycling for RF communication. This paper demonstrates a highly integrated,flexible SoC platform that supports multiple sensing modalities,extracts information from data flexibly across applications,harvests and delivers power efficiently,and communicates wirelessly.
Wireless localization has become an important issue in internet of things. However,its performance degrades significantly when there are only non-line-of-sight (NLOS) propagation paths instead of line-of-sight (LOS) propagation paths. Therefore,this paper proposes a novel localization algorithm to improve the localization accuracy,where we assume that the NLOS error satisfies the requirement of distance dependent model (DDM). In order to obtain a stronger NLOS tolerance than conventional methods,the proposed algorithm analyzes the localization geometry and employs a new localization parameter,namely the time product of arrival (TPOA),to construct the linear localization equation group (LLEQ). Meanwhile,a simple least-squares (LS) principle is applied to solve this LLEQ,resulting in a low complexity. We verify our algorithm by computer simulations,and the result demonstrates that the proposed algorithm yields a better performance than traditional algorithms in the NLOS-DDM environment.

The dynamic performance of microgrids is of crucial importance,because of the increased complexity introduced by the combined effect of inverter interface and rotating distributed generation. This study presents a methodology for the investigation of the dynamic behaviour of microgrids based on measurements using Prony analysis and state-space black-box modelling techniques. Both methods are compared and evaluated using real operating conditions data obtained by a laboratory microgrid system. The recorded responses and the calculated system eigenvalues are used to analyse the system dynamics and interactions among the distributed generation units. The proposed methodology can be applied to any real-world microgrid configuration,taking advantage of the future smart grid technologies and features.
Script identification has long been the forerunner of many Optical Character Recognition (OCR) processes in a multi-lingual document environment. Script identification has numerous applications in the field of document image analysis, such as document sorting, indexing, retrieval and translation, etc. In this paper, we have developed a page-level script identification technique for handwritten documents using the texture features. The texture features are extracted from the document pages based on the Gray Level Co-occurrence Matrix (GLCM). The proposed technique has been evaluated on four scripts namely, Bangla, Devnagari, Telugu, and Roman using multiple classifiers. Based on their identification accuracies, it is observed that Multi Layer Perceptron (MLP) classifier performs the best. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the GLCM features in identification of handwritten scripts. Experiments are conducted on a total of 120 document pages and the overall accuracy of the system is found to be 91.48%. Though the system is evaluated on limited dataset, considering the complexities of the scripts, the result can be assumed satisfactory.
Photovoltaic energy harvesting is an attractive method of developing battery-free systems for wireless sensors, biomedicai electronics, and the internet of things (IoT). To obtain an energy-efficient system, low-power digital circuits operating in the near/sub-threshold region are widely used in such applications. Therefore, the design of a low-voltage buck converter, which converts the harvested energy to the regulated output is critical. Sub-1V buck converters have been implemented using a large inductor [1] to operate in a continuous conduction mode (CCM). Both CCM and discontinuous conduction mode (DCM) operation has been demonstrated in [2], using an analog zero current detection (ZCD) technique to extend the available output power range. However, the analog circuit limits the minimum output power to 50μW, and reduces the conversion efficiency under light load conditions.
A 1 trillion node internet of things (IoT) will require sensing platforms that support numerous applications using power harvesting to avoid the cost and scalability challenge of battery replacement in such large numbers. Previous SoCs achieve good integration and even energy harvesting [1][2][3], but they limit supported applications, need higher end-to-end harvesting efficiency, and require duty-cycling for RF communication. This paper demonstrates a highly integrated, flexible SoC platform that supports multiple sensing modalities, extracts information from data flexibly across applications, harvests and delivers power efficiently, and communicates wirelessly.
Frequency regulation is becoming increasingly important with deeper penetration of variable generation resources. Flexible loads have been proposed as a low-cost provider of frequency regulation. For example, the flexibility of loads with inherent thermal energy storage resides in their ability to vary their electricity consumption without compromising their end function. In this context, the aggregate flexibility of a collection of diverse residential air-conditioning loads has previously been shown to be well modeled as a virtual battery using first principles load models. This analytical method will not scale to more complex flexible loads such as commercial HVAC systems. This paper presents a method to identify virtual battery model parameters for these more complex flexible loads. The method extracts the parameters of the virtual battery model by stress-testing a detailed software model of the physical system. Synthetic examples reveal the effectiveness of the proposed identification technique.
The Internet of Things (IoT) revolution has major impacts on the network & Information Technology (IT) infrastructure. As IT in the past decade, network virtualization is simultaneously on its way with for instance Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) and Software-Defined Networking (SDN). NFV and SDN are approaches enhancing the infrastructure agility thus facilitating the design, delivery and operation of network services in a dynamic and scalable manner. IoT will push the infrastructure to its limit with numerous and diverse requirements to fulfill, we therefore believe that the agility brought by the combination of NFV and SDN is essential to face the IoT revolution. In this article, we first highlight some IoT challenges that the network & IT infrastructure will face. The NFV and SDN benefits are presented from a network operator point of view. Following a description of the IoT ecosystem and a recall of some of the IoT stakeholders expectations, a new multi-layered IoT architecture involving SDN and NFV and based upon network & IT resources is put forward. Finally, the article illustrates how the proposed architecture is able to cope with the identified IoT challenges.
The integration of social networking concepts into Internet of Things systems is a burgeoning topic of research that promises to support novel and more powerful applications. In this paper we present the social approach that the COSMOS project introduces in order to achieve enhanced services like discovery, recommendation and sharing between Things enriched with social properties. We investigate how typical notions and modes of interactions of social networking can be extended to the networks of Things, providing a Social Internet of Things platform, and we discuss two main components supporting the socialization of Things: Social Monitoring and Social Analysis. The first one involves all the main tools and techniques needed for the monitoring of the social properties of the Things, whereas Social Analysis is used for the extraction of their complex social characteristics, as well as models and patterns regarding their behavior and relations between them.
This paper presents a novel approach for human classification based on skin colour identification technique. Next the same classifier is extended for the path planning and control of autonomous robots. The techniques for obstacle identification used in this work are Skin Colour Based (SCB), Pixel Count Based (PCB), Correlation Coefficient Based (CCB) and Histogram methods. In real- time obstacle detection, the Pixel Count Based (PCB) algorithm, Correlation Coefficient Based (CCB) and Skin Colour Based (SCB) algorithm are used. In this work CCB and PCB methods compare the similarities between two objects but SCB algorithm is to identify whether the tracked object is human or nonhuman in real time. Real time experimental results demonstrated the accuracy of CCB, PCB and SCB algorithms are 87.5% and 88.8% and 90.9% respectively and the time of CCB, PCB and SCB algorithms are 6.27sec, 6.50sec and 8.67sec respectively.
In multimodal biometric techniques are considered for fusion at different levels like Score level, Feature level and Decision level. Here the Iris and Palmprint traits considered with score level fusion to get proposed multimodal identification technique using Block Truncation Coding (BTC) applied on the individual biplanes of iris and palmprint images. Use of Block Truncation Code makes the feature extraction independent of size of iris and palmprint images. The experimentation done using test bed with 60 pairs of iris and palmprint images for 10 persons. Experimentation results have indicated that BTC level 1 performs better than BTC level 2 in all biplanes for proposed multimodal biometric identification technique. For the score level fusion of features of iris and palm traits various proportions are used. The higher proportion of Palmprint gives better identification. The proposed multimodal identification techniques with score level Iris: Palmprint fusion with 1:4 proportions has given best genuine acceptance rate with BTC level 1.
Wireless localization has become an important issue in internet of things. However, its performance degrades significantly when there are only non-line-of-sight (NLOS) propagation paths instead of line-of-sight (LOS) propagation paths. Therefore, this paper proposes a novel localization algorithm to improve the localization accuracy, where we assume that the NLOS error satisfies the requirement of distance dependent model (DDM). In order to obtain a stronger NLOS tolerance than conventional methods, the proposed algorithm analyzes the localization geometry and employs a new localization parameter, namely the time product of arrival (TPOA), to construct the linear localization equation group (LLEQ). Meanwhile, a simple least-squares (LS) principle is applied to solve this LLEQ, resulting in a low complexity. We verify our algorithm by computer simulations, and the result demonstrates that the proposed algorithm yields a better performance than traditional algorithms in the NLOS-DDM environment.
The dynamic performance of microgrids is of crucial importance, because of the increased complexity introduced by the combined effect of inverter interface and rotating distributed generation. This study presents a methodology for the investigation of the dynamic behaviour of microgrids based on measurements using Prony analysis and state-space black-box modelling techniques. Both methods are compared and evaluated using real operating conditions data obtained by a laboratory microgrid system. The recorded responses and the calculated system eigenvalues are used to analyse the system dynamics and interactions among the distributed generation units. The proposed methodology can be applied to any real-world microgrid configuration, taking advantage of the future smart grid technologies and features.
It has long been a significant but difficult problem to identify propagation sources based on limited knowledge of network structures and the varying states of network nodes. In practice, real cases can be locating the sources of rumors in online social networks and finding origins of a rolling blackout in smart grids. This talk reviews the state-of-the art in source identification techniques, and discusses the pros and cons of current methods in this field. Furthermore, in order to gain a quantitative understanding of current methods, we provide a series of experiments and comparisons based on various environment settings. Especially, our observation reveals considerable differences in performance by employing different network topologies, various propagation schemes and diverse propagation probabilities. We therefore reach a number of points for future work and list some open issues of current methods. Solutions to these open issues are of great academic and practical significance. This talk will be based on the following papers: 1. Sheng Wen, Wei Zhou, Jun Zhang, Yang Xiang, Wanlei Zhou, and Weijia Jia, "Modeling Propagation Dynamics of Social Network Worms", IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems, vol. 24, no. 8, pp. 1633-1643, Aug. 2013. 2. Yini Wang, Sheng Wen, Yang Xiang, and Wanlei Zhou, "Modeling the Propagation of Worms in Networks: A Survey", IEEE Communications Surveys and Tutorials, Volume:16, Issue:2, pp 942-960, 2014. 3. Sheng Wen, Wei Zhou, Jun Zhang, Yang Xiang, Wanlei Zhou, Weijia Jia, and Cliff C.Zou "Modeling and Analysis on the Propagation Dynamics of Modern Email Malware", IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing, VOL. 11, NO. 4, pp. 361-374, JULY/AUGUST 2014. 4. Sheng Wen, Jiaojiao Jiang, Yang Xiang, Shui Yu, and Wanlei Zhou, "Are the Popular Users Always Important for the Information Dissemination in Online Social Networks?" IEEE Network, pp. 64-67, September/October 2014. 5. Sheng Wen, Mohammad Sayad Haghighi, Cha- Chen, Yang Xiang, Wanlei Zhou, and Weijia Jia, "A Sword with Two Edges: Propagation Studies on Both Positive and Negative Information in Online Social Networks", Accepted by IEEE Transactions on Computers, accepted 5/12/2013. Available online: http://ieeexplore.ieee.org /stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=6714520 6. Jiaojiao Jiang, Sheng Wen, Shui Yu, Yang Xiang, Wanlei Zhou, and Ekram Hossain, "Identifying Propagation Sources in Networks: State-of-the-Art and Comparative Studies", Accepted by IEEE Communications Surveys and Tutorials, accepted 17/9/2014.
In this paper, we put forward a coupled electromechanical model with differential equation arrays for an electret-based energy harvester with out-of-the plane gap closing scheme. The model is numerically solved for output voltage and displacement of the moveable electrode with given parameters by Matlab/Simulink software. Furthermore, system optimization is carried out using the coupled model to find the optimal values for the load resistance and the initial air gap to maximize the output power. For instance, at an external load resistance of 1 GΩ, a power output of 67 μW is achieved with the initial gap of 380 μm. This output power is promising for the potential applications on the wireless sensor networks and the internet of things.
This paper describes a novel data modulation method for ultra-low-power wireless uplink communication between a client device of the internet of things (IoT) and a base station (or an access point). The proposed scheme is dubbed as subcarrier index coordinate expression (SICE), which utilizes the indices of orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) subcarriers and waveforms with different phase shifts to represent the information to be sent. SICE is targeted for IoT applications with low data rate requirements, and is especially useful for battery-powered IoT devices demanding low-power communications, due to its characteristics of low peak to average power ratio (PAPR) and high power efficiency in wireless transmission. Unlike ongoing efforts in IoT wireless communications at standardization organizations which focus on simplifying functionalities of the existing protocols to save power, the technique developed in this paper is a fundamentally new and yet OFDM-compatible physical-layer approach that can drastically reduce power consumption of data transmission.
The Natural Resonant Frequencies (NRFs) obtained from the late time response of targets are aspect independent in nature and thus, is well suited for radar target identification. In resonance based identification techniques, the accurate determination of NRFs is very important. In this paper, a technique for identifying the true NRFs of objects, useful in discriminating two closely resembling objects is proposed. The NRFs are extracted from the E-field response of the object using the Vector Fitting (VF) method. The NRFs of database object and the Radar Cross Section (RCS) of unknown object are used to discriminate between them. A risk factor is defined as a measure of discrimination. In this study, ellipsoids with different axial ratios are considered for discrimination and the results are presented.
Radio Frequency IDentification (RFID) is an identification technique for storing and transferring data and it is applied for identifying and tracking tags. Our study focus on RFID tags localization by using only mobile readers without the inclusion of static readers, helps to avoid pre-deploying of static readers. We are based only on connectivity information for achieving the goal of robust 3D localization method. The benefits of this work are: an optimized system cost, a scalable system with no need of further system maintenance. Simulation results will show satisfactory localization accuracy.
Reliable, standard-based networking is one of the key enablers for mobile and ubiquitous health monitoring. In particular, multi-hop IPv6-based wireless sensor body area network is one of the most attractive candidates for true internet of things in healthcare. This paper describes a proposal for a modular system comprising 6LoWPAN communication modules, optimized modules for application-specific sensing/digital signal processing, as well as energy harvesting and energy management modules. The connection between the modules is unified, enabling the creation of a wide variety of measurement setups. The unified DSP modules can be used to measure e.g. electrical bio-impedance, ECG, multi-axis acceleration, SpO2, etc. The DSP modules are integrated with low power, small size 6LoWPAN communication controller modules;IEEE 1588-2008/PTP is used for synchronizing the data acquisition nodes.
Wireless sensor networks (WSNs) play important roles in systems that interact with the real world (e.g., cyber-physical systems and internet of things). To mitigate the complex nature of WSNs, many platforms at different abstraction levels (e.g., abstraction of hardware, communications, and individual nodes) have been proposed in the last decade. WSNs in different environments might employ different platforms to satisfy nonfunctional requirements (NFRs) because the diversity of platforms results in trade-offs of NFRs and the quality of WSN heavily depends on the environment it runs. Although WSN software should be highly portable, existing approaches only support porting between operating systems and not more abstract middleware. Herein we propose a methodology with a framework to capture various platforms in the WSN domain with platform-independent multi-level models. A case study demonstrates that our framework can port WSN software to platforms at different abstraction levels and adapt the software to the new platform to improve performance.
Integrated on-chip energy storage is increasingly important in the fields of internet of things, energy harvesting, and wearables with capacitors being ideal for devices requiring higher powers, low voltages, or many thousands of cycles. This work demonstrates electrochemical capacitors fabricated using porous Si nanostructures with very high surface-to-volume ratios and an electrolyte. Stability is achieved through ALD TiN or CVD carbon coatings. The use of Si processing methods creates the potential for on-chip energy storage.
In this paper, system identification techniques are applied to accurately characterize the frequency behavior of a commercially available but with unknown characteristics of a photoplethysmography (under the commercial name of Pulse Sensor). Although claimed to be open-source, the electronic schematic of this device does not allow for a full characterization of it. Therefore a second order auto-regressive with exogenous input model has been employed to find the frequency response of this system. An optical excitation circuit was developed to send a pseudo-random signal to the Pulse Sensor. Results show that the model is able to reproduce the output with a fitness of 89.7 %. The obtained model is validated by using the inverse of the obtained transfer function to reconstruct the input. Accurate determination of the frequency response of the Pulse Sensor allows for the reconstruction of the real input. The proposed approach can also be applied to teach engineering students about reverse engineering and system identification.
A new least squares Harmonic identification technique is developed. This technique is used basically to estimate the fundamental component of the current drawn by nonlinear loads in order to calculate the reference currents of the active power filter on line. The effectiveness of the proposed technique is tested under a sudden change of the nonlinear load. The performance of the proposed technique is compared with the conventional harmonic extraction technique based on the synchronous reference frame method. Simulation results are given for both the proposed and the conventional technique.
This paper utilizes the system identification and robust control techniques for a Proton Exchange Membrane fuel-cell system. The dynamic behaviour of the fuel-cell system is influenced by many effects, such as the reaction mechanism, pressure, flow-rate, composition and temperature change, and is inherently non-linear and time-varying. However, from the system point of view, a fuel cell can be modeled as a two-input, two-output linear system with inputs of hydrogen and air flow rates, and outputs of cell voltage and current. And the un-modeled non-linear and time-varying characteristics of the system can be regarded as system uncertainties and disturbances that are treated by the designed robust controllers. This paper is comprised of three parts. First, system identification techniques were adopted to model the fuel-cell system. Secondly, a H∞ robust controller was designed to stabilize the system. Finally, the system stability and performance were compromised by introducing a weighting function to the controller design. From both the simulation and experimental results, the designed H∞ robust controllers were deemed effective.
The present paper addresses the modeling of a hysteretic piezoelectric actuator. The model employed is that of Bouc-Wen. The Bouc-Wen model consists in a first-order nonlinear state equation, and an output equation where the input and state signals appear linearly. The model is modified to describe with a reasonable precision the experimentally observed hysteretic behavior of a piezoelectric actuator. A new identification technique is presented and applied to the piezoelectric actuator. The model is validated by means of experiments.
In this expository paper we illustrate the use of filtering and identification-theoretic techniques in a number of problems in computer vision. We first demonstrate how linear system identification techniques combined with distances for linear systems can be used for modeling, synthesis, classification and recognition of dynamic textures and human gaits. We then show how hybrid system identification techniques can be used for segmentation of dynamic textures. We also highlight some open problems in system identification that are motivated by extensions of the research described in this paper.
A target tracking algorithm based on compressed sensing and sensing subtraction was proposed in this paper. We presented the concept of sensing subtraction, combined sensing subtraction and compressed sensing, sparsely sampled the distributed sensing information in Internet of Things (IoT), and reconstructed sensing subtraction matrix by compressed sensing theory, and then located and tracked moving target by sensing subtraction method. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm recovers sensing data well, and the sparse sampling strategy reduces network communication traffic and improves the energy-efficiency of system.
The paper presents a new data driven predictive control approach for a special set of nonlinear systems. A Linear Parameter Varying (LPV) subspace based identification technique is combined with predictive control approach without computing the parameter dependent state space matrices. Therefore, the Subspace based Predictive Control for LPV systems (SPC LPV) is a candidate for joint nonlinear identification and predictive control as a model independent technique. Based on an identified nonlinear input/output predictor, the SPC LPV algorithm formulates a (constrained) optimal and predictive control problem without the explicit knowledge of the model parameters. Finally, a nonlinear system is controlled by an input/output based optimal control law. The proposed approach is applied on a real time environment on a DC motor.
The paper explores the advantage of Subspace Predictive Control for Linear Parameter Varying systems (SPC LPV) in supervisory and in robust control scheme. Closed-loop subspace identification technique is used to identify the I/O LPV predictor for optimal control application. This type of the SPC LPV is a data driven approach. The predictor is augmented with the a-priori known and primary-loop controller information. Hence, instead of replacing the existing controller in the loop, a supervisory SPC LPV is proposed in the paper. Moreover, robust extension of the nominal and optimal SPC LPV is formulated taking the worst case future scheduling parameter variation into account. The application of the proposed control schemes on a nonlinear DC motor illustrates the supervisory and the robust nature of the SPC LPV.
In this paper a method is proposed that allows the identification of input-output quasi-linear parameter-varying (LPV) models based on ergodic signals. In this case the use of the instrumental variables (IV) method leads to a consistent estimation of the quasi-LPV model parameters. Moreover, an indirect closed-loop identification technique, which has been proposed for the identification of linear time-invariant (LTI) models in closed-loop, is extended here to consistently identify input-output LPV models in closed loop using the IV method. Two cases are considered: LPV systems with noise-free external scheduling signals and quasi-LPV systems with noisy scheduling signals. Several simulation examples are presented to illustrate the method.
In this work, a new estimation approach is proposed to improve the global convergence Output-Error (OE) identification method. The main disadvantage of the OE identification techniques is that they may converge to a secondary optimum. A good initialization converges to the global optimum. In this paper, Least squares (LS) method is selected as initialization step to OE algorithms. It's extended to fractional system to identify unknown parameters and orders. However, the LS method may be too biased and may not lead to a good initialization. We present a new approach based on Instrumental variable (IV) to obtain a good initialization for OE methods. The results are encouraging and they have shown that the LS and IV method based on repeated fractional integration has to lead to a better initialization than arbitrary initialization. We investigate our identification theory with a Monte Carlo simulation that indicates the efficiency of the methods.
Indoor smart lighting gradually comes into our home with the development of internet of things. Based on Jen Net-IP protocol, a smart lighting system with brightness and color temperature tunable is present. Each node in this system processes an IPv6 address, which enables every node be accessed and controlled remotely. Warm white cool white LED combination method to adjust color temperature is adopted in this system. Chip-on-board package structure to integrate different color temperature LEDs is also adopted. Every node in this system composes a JN5168 IEEE802.15.4 wireless microcontroller. A method to adjust brightness and color temperature respectively is proposed. Experimental results show that remote control unit, gateway and bulb can form a stable system which could satisfy the requirement for the indoor lighting.
In this paper, a channel identification technique using Second Order Statistics (SOS) is proposed for memoryless multiuser Volterra communication channels. The Parallel Factor (PARAFAC) decomposition of a third order tensor formed from spatio-temporal covariance matrices of the received signals is considered by using the Alternating Least Squares (ALS) algorithm. Modulation codes (constrained codes) are used to ensure some orthogonality constraints of the transmitted signals. That constitutes a new application of modulation codes, aiming to introduce temporal redundancy and ensure some statistical properties. Identifiability conditions for the problem under consideration are addressed and simulation results illustrate the performance of the proposed estimation method.
An RFID (radio frequency identification) -Sensor tag for internet of things applications is evaluated for various signal integrity and electromagnetic radiation measures in this paper. It is found that the placement of digital circuit with respect to the radiating element has to be optimized and the entire system layout, digital and RF parts has to be co-simulated to be able to capture the detuning of operating frequency. Port impedance plots are generated via full-wave simulations to show this impact. The coupling between ports is also inspected by monitoring transmission coefficient (S21). One possible application of this sensor device is for on-body temperature measurements;therefore, back radiation of the tag and specific absorption rate (SAR) plots are reported as well.
Everyday objects are generating a large amount of data that should be stored in the memories of their chips and communicated to a reader. One of the most important technologies used in the internet of things is RFID Radio Frequency Identification. However, the avoidance of collision of tags during the identification process represents a great challenge, especially when the number of tags is too large. Thus we will need to use methods to group tags into small groups. In this sense several methods have been proposed to resolve this problem. In this paper we propose a new mechanism, based on Progressive Scanning Algorithm, to group tags in the interrogation zone of a reader. The proposed mechanism consists in the deployment of two readers having the same interrogation zone. This mechanism allows increasing the efficiency of the identification process by reducing the time needed to identify all tags.
Recently, the smart grid is expected to modernize the current electricity grid by commencing a new set of technologies and services that make the electricity networks secure, automated controlled, cooperative and sustainable. Consequently, the smart control centre feels the requirement of a robust and scalable technique for state estimation (SE) that allows continuous and accurate wide-area real-time monitoring of power system operation and customer utilization of smart grid. This paper proposes a Kalman filter (KF) based micro grid SE using the internet of things (IoT) communication network under two different sensing scenarios. Particularly, the observation from the multiple distributed energy resources (DERs) information is obtained by a set of sensors, which is transmitted to a control center via the IoT communication network. In this control center, the information is fed to a state estimator program for estimating the states of the multiple DERs. Finally, the simulation results show that the proposed KF based micro grid SE is able to estimate the system states properly in all scenarios. Results indicate that it is better to use the same number of sensors as that of states for properly estimating the DERs states using the IoT communication network.
The document was not made available for publication as part of the conference proceedings.
Emerging communication technologies of the Internet of Things (IoT) make all the devices of a spatial-limited physical computing environment locally interconnected as well as connected to the Internet. Software agents running on devices make the latter “smart objects” that are visible in our daily lives as real participating entities. Based on the M3 architecture for smart spaces, we consider the problem of creating a smart space deploying a Semantic Information Broker (SIB) in a localized IoT-environment. SIB supports agent interaction in the smart space via sharing and self-generating information and its semantics. This paper proposes a renewed SIB design with increased extensibility, dependability, and portability. The research done is a step towards an efficient open interoperability platform for the smart space application development.
Group IV and III-V semiconductor photonic devices are prime candidates for photonic and opto-electronic (OEIC) applications in the 1.8 to 5.0 μm infrared wavelength range. Si-based active photonics in the GeSn/SiGeSn heterosystem (LDs, PDs, LEDs, amplifiers, EOMs) offers the Si CMOS “foundry advantage” for high-volume low-cost OEIC manufacture. Two MIR applications stand out: (1) deployment of GeSn SOI-based OEICs in a new “supplemental” global fiber-optic network at ~ 2 um wavelengths;(2) creation/deployment of GeSn-related photonic chem-bio-physical sensor OEICs (as well as night-vision-imaging chips) in hand-held tablets and smart phones. The new smart sensors will be part of a local or global network-of-sensors utilizing the “internet of things”.
Reverse osmosis (RO) desalination is the most common method for purifying brackish water. Due to its sensitivity to quality of the feed and plant operating conditions, RO desalination process needs an efficient and accurate control system to maintain operation at optimum conditions that ensures the least energy utilization and prevent scaling and fouling. Nonlinear systems identification techniques have been used widely to model many chemical processes. Recently, support vector machines (SVMs) and least squares support vector machines(LS-SVMs) have demonstrated powerful abilities in approximating linear and nonlinear functions. In this Paper, an algorithm to identify the Wiener models using least square support vector machine regression is developed and used to identify a Hollow Fiber B-10 Permasep Permeator reverse osmosis (RO) desalination process. The obtained results showed 96 % matching of the model output and actual system output variances.
More than 50 billion devices are estimated to be connected to the Internet by 2020. Incompatibility of devices and protocols (usually proprietary devices and protocols) are one of the major hurdles to be overcome to realise the Internet of Things (IoT) vision. IoT devices are typically constrained devices and this creates dependencies between the hardware, software and protocols used in the device. Open hardware and software platforms to support emerging IoT trends are required. A wireless sensor network gateway was developed in a three-month period using off-the-shelf components. The gateway was based on the Raspberry PI single-board computer;it implemented 6LoWPAN mesh and wireless access point functionality for mobile and low power sensing and actuation devices. The gateway was tested in the following use-case: integrate a battery-operated 6LoWPAN-enabled smart water meter to an IPv6 building network. Several factors that influence the gateway's performance and reliability were identified and should be considered when deploying gateway devices for future endeavours.
In the recent past, we have observed great advances in the way that people are connected, from social networks to small smart devices At the same time, we are entering the era of smart cities and the internet of things, where sustainability and quality of life are key concerns. Despite these trends, we did not observe an equal level of adoption of technologies or services that leverage the automation of facilities. The main reasons for such low-level of adoption are: proprietary solutions tend to be very expensive;and the daunting effort that is required to integrate automation devices that rely on different communication protocols, within the same system. In this paper, we present the ReActOR middleware, which allows the seamlessly integration of affordable devices that enable control and sense objects that are useful and essential to our lives. The ReActOR middleware has several advantages: (i) it allows to abstract the interaction with objects;(ii) it allows to create and integrate heterogeneous automation networks, each relying on a specific communication protocol;(iii) it allows the interoperability between disparate automation devices;(iv) it allows to specify rules to get notified upon the occurrence of specific events;(v) it enforces user authentication;(vi) the support for new features is easily achieved either by extending, refining, or composing the provided ones;and (vii) extremely important, it is easy to add support for custom made devices - either actuators or sensors -, which may be achieved with little effort. We also give several detailed examples showing: (i) out of the box functionalities provided by the ReActOR middleware;(ii) how to add support for custom made devices;and (iii) how to interact with objects remotely, either by actuating over automation devices or by receiving notifications from them and (re)act in accordance, among other functionalities.
To support the unrelenting demand of high spectral efficiency and gigabit data rates driven by fast developing smart applications and internet of things, heterogeneous cellular networks (HCNs) with the multiple-antenna configuration have been presented as promising paradigms. In this paper, the downlink transmission performances of K-tier HCNs with multiple-antenna configurations are analyzed, where base stations (BSs) in each tier may differ in terms of the spatial density, transmit power, cell-bias factor, and the number of transmit antennas. Particularly, the service success probability is analytically developed with the stochastic geometry, which can evaluate the transmission reliability and congestion. The impacts of the cell association and user scheduling on the service success probability are derived with closed-form expressions, and the spatial multiplexing gains from the multiple-antenna configuration are exploited. The Monte Carlo simulation results demonstrate that the derived expressions for the service success probability are matched well, and indicate that the proper number of antennas should be chosen, which is strictly related to the densities of BSs and users in each tier.
Near Field Communication (NFC) has been used for short range communications in a number of applications for consumer electronics devices. Specifically, NFC has been used in electronic payment systems. To ensure secure communications, security protocols for various NFC applications have been proposed. Recently, a conditional privacy preserving security protocol was introduced. However this paper demonstrates that the protocol is vulnerable to two impersonations attacks and then proposes a new secure pseudonym-based NFC protocol that eliminates vulnerabilities of the previous security protocol. Security and performance analysis results confirm that the proposed protocol could solve security problems of the previously introduced NFC security protocol with a marginal computational cost increase1.
DATA GATHERED by futuristic smart gadgets could reveal a "deeply personal" picture of every consumer, the chair of the US Federal Trade Commission has warned. Speaking at the International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Edith Ramirez said that interconnected gadgets could pose a threat to privacy and have significant security implications. The ubiquitous data collection of personal information such as credit card history, health or religious preferences could project a false impression of someone if given to prospective employers or universities, she added.
ACCORDING TO STATISTICS from McKinsey Global Institute, the Internet of Things has the potential to generate a global economic impact of somewhere between $2.7tr and $6.2tr a year by 2025. It was at the peak of expectations in Gartner???s Hype Cycle for Emerging Technologies in 2014 and, as a result, hopes for what this next stage of the digital revolution will deliver are high indeed. But what is the reality? If the atmosphere at the two-day Internet of Things (IoT) World Forum in London in November 2014 was anything to go by, it really is going to live up to the hype and deliver exciting things across many sectors, from manufacturing and energy to transport and the home. There were keynotes from big industry players such as Microsoft, O2 and Cisco, and exhibits, presentations and panel discussions from the smaller businesses that are creating the devices and platforms that will enable it.
If truly thin embedded and human worn flexible electronics are to become a commercial reality for wearable electronics, medical devices, and internet of things tags, effective energy storage technologies that safely and robustly match the mechanical flexibility of the overall system form factor are required. At the same time, the energy and transient power needs of functions such as wireless connectivity, information display, and high sample rate sensing must be supported. These capabilities have time-dependent power and current requirements often not captured in simple energy and capacity metrics. In this paper, a progression of energy storage approaches, challenges and learning experiences will be presented from the perspective of an energy storage technology developer. The essential requirements for energy storage for feature-driven applications in flexible electronics are addressed with the goal of finding the most compelling fit between products needs, consumer safety and the technology capabilities of different energy storage approaches. Micropower modules from supercapacitors to microbatteries and their limitations for flexible electronics will be discussed in terms of capacity, power and charge retention as the starting point. Following this discussion, limitations of lithium technologies in this flexible and thin (<;1 mm) application space are also outlined. This paper then presents a review of key requirements for energy storage for high functionality flexible electronics prototype systems and some approaches that have been explored to meet those needs. This leads to the conclusion that safe, low cost, flexible electronics energy storage requirements may be most appropriately met using intrinsically stable battery chemistry. Furthermore, such a materials approach allows for simpler lower cost processing and packaging, such as additive printing and roll to roll processing of thin and therefore more mechanically flexible cells. Examples and performance- data from such a zinc polymer battery technology are given and compared to other thin and flexible battery approaches.
RFID can play great roles in future context-aware applications such as ambient intelligence and internet of things. Ranging technology will be one of interesting topics for RFID application. In the paper we compare the phase of arrival (POA) and time of arrival (TOA) based ranging behavior for RFID application. We characterize the ranging behaviors from the view of Cramer-Rao lower bounds (CRLB), ray tracing and empirical measurements. First, we analyze and compare the CRLB for POA and TOA based ranging in AWGN environment theoretically. Second, we use ray tracing method to model the distance and bandwidth influence on POA and TOA based RFID ranging in multipath environment. Third, we perform measurement to validate the noise and multipath influence on POA and TOA based RFID ranging. The parameters in ray tracing and measurements are also provided to further support the behavior comparison between TOA and POA ranging. The results show that in short range application such as RFID, POA based ranging has a comparatively better performance than TOA. It will benefit the future selection of POA or TOA technique, narrowband or wideband ranging method regarding specific scenarios for RFID application.
Internet of Things philosophy implementation in conditions of the existing communication networks requires new types of services and interoperability. Once of the desired innovations is communication between existing IP world and the new generation network. Not just networks of smart devices that may not always have IP connectivity, but also other RFID-labeled objects and sensors. Fulfilling the need for high-quality applications for further more specific parameters of these objects internet of things, as may be location, serial number, distinctive and unique characters/connections, can add a proper extension of the existing network and system infrastructure with new information and naming service. Their purpose is not only to assign a unique identifier to the object, but also allow users to new services use other information associated with the selected object. The technology that enables the data processing, filtering and storage is defined in the Electronic Product Code Application Framework (EPCAF) as RFID middleware and EPCIS. One of the implementations of these standards is the Open Source solution Fosstrak. We experimented with Fosstrak system that was developed on Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) by an academic initiative but nowadays we are going to prove its benefits in the context of business environment. The project is aimed also on connection and linking between systems of the EPCIS class made by the ONS systems.
The paper presents the Multimodal biometric techniques with Iris and Palmprint traits. Here the Different Color spaces are considered with score level fusion to get proposed multimodal identification technique using Block Truncation Coding (BTC) with Bit plane Slicing. Use of Color Spaces makes greater impact on iris images, which results in higher GAR. The experimentation done using test bed with 60 pairs of Iris & Palmprint images for 10 persons. Experimentation results indicate that YCgCb color space performs better than all other considered color spaces for proposed multimodal biometric identification technique. The proposed multimodal identification techniques with score level of Iris: Palmprint fusion with 1:3 proportions has given best genuine acceptance rate with BTC.
System identification is an important tool to investigate human motion control. The goal of this study was to identify and address issues in system identification for human motor control and to investigate if linear time invariant system identification techniques are applicable to recorded mechanical and physiological data. During a posture maintenance experiment subjects had to minimize the deviations of the wrist, while a manipulator applied disturbances through a handle. We estimated frequency response functions and categorized and quantified the errors influencing the estimates. The relation between the position and force of the wrist was found to be highly linear and variations over time were the dominant source of error. The relation between the position changes at the wrist and the recorded signals from the brain was highly nonlinear. System identification techniques based on periodic multisine perturbation signals are a promising approach to investigate human motion control, even in the presence of inherent noise and nonlinearities.
In order to improve reliability of wind turbines, it is important to detect faults as fast as possible. The fault introduced in this work is the dynamics change of the drive train due to the increased friction from its nominal value will be treated. For diagnosis purpose, a residual generation is used based on a comparison between the nominal generator speed and the observed one obtained by the use of the predictor based LPV subspace identification technique (LPV PBSID) applied at the benchmark system introduced in IFAC SAFEPROCESS 2009 which is modeled as an LPV model considering the wind speed as scheduling variable.
The paper machine cross-directional (CD) process is an industrial spatially distributed system. Paper properties are controlled by a set of different actuator arrays acting in the cross direction (CD) as the paper sheet moves along the machine direction (MD). The industrial custom is to identify CD models from bump tests that are run in open-loop. This article presents a technique for CD response shape, alignment and dynamics model identification. The spatial response is identified by a no causal spatial FIR model that accounts for the actuator response in the cross-direction (CD). A novel technique for CD alignment detection is presented through disconsolation of the measurement profile. The spatial model identification is followed by estimating the CD process dynamics. The CD model identification technique is extended to feedback loops running under model predictive control (MPC). CD process models are identified in closed-loop from short identification experiments in a low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). The proposed technique is validated by conducting identification experiments on an industrial paper machine model running under MPC.
Non-linear system identification is gaining much importance in present days. The paper introduces a system identification technique based on chaos theory. We observe system output data over a specified period of time and characterize the system behavior (stable, unstable or chaotic). The algorithm is implemented on Cortex M3 development board.
The project smaRTI aims for the development of an autonomous material flow by the means of intelligent transport items through the usage of autoID technologies and the concept of the internet of things. Within this work, the transferability of Event-Driven Architectures within the project is being discussed in order to take advantage of its high efficiency by the means of generating logistical KPIs out of big data event streams and to even trigger automated processes.
Breast cancer is one of the crucially prevailing cancer among women. Early detection and diagnosis of breast cancer can be facilitating with mammography images since they are most cost effective and a good chances of recovery. Classification is an identification technique used to organize the data into categories. Classification algorithm identifies the severity of lymph's present in the breast. The entire study focuses on different classifier techniques which can be used after pre-processing and segmentation process to improve the accuracy result of the image and can be categorized as well. We made a study on suitable techniques for mammogram images such as decision tree, K-nearest Neighbour, Fuzzy K-Nearest Neighbor, Nave Bayes, Artificial Neural Network, Ensemble and Support vector Machine. For each classification, we consider the factor such as sensitivity, specificity and accuracy which are chosen according to their suitable scenarios.
In order to ensure the safe supply of the drinking water the quality needs to be monitor in real time. In this paper we present a design and development of a low cost system for real time monitoring of the water quality in IOT(internet of things).the system consist of several sensors is used to measuring physical and chemical parameters of the water. The parameters such as temperature, PH, turbidity, conductivity, dissolved oxygen of the water can be measured. The measured values from the sensors can be processed by the core controller. The raspberry PI B+ model can be used as a core controller. Finally, the sensor data can be viewed on internet using cloud computing.
With the interconnection of devices becoming more widespread in society (e.g. internet of things), networked devices are used in a range of environments from smart grids to smart buildings. Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN) have commonly been utilised as a method of monitoring a set processes. In control networks WSN have been deployed to perform a variety of tasks (i.e. collate and distribute data from an event to an end device). However, the nature of the wireless broadcast medium enables attackers to conduct active and passive attacks. Cryptography is selected as a countermeasure to overcome these security vulnerabilities;however, a drawback of using cryptography is reduced throughput. This paper investigates the impact of two software authenticated encryption with associated data (AEAD) security constructs on packet throughput of multiple hop WSN, being counter with cipher block chaining and message authentication code (CCM) and TinyAEAD. Experiments were conducted in a simulated environment. A case scenario is also presented in this paper to emphasise the impact in a real world context. Results observed indicate that the security constructs examined in this paper affect the average throughput measurements up to three hops.
Nowadays, flexible electronics is a challenging research area cause of the increase of electronics component request for “the internet of things”, the food safety and the medical diagnostic applications. In our research, we work with an unusual substrate for microtechnologies such as paper, which is flexible, brittle, and biodegradable. Also, it can be folded, cut, perforated, crumpled, etc. This article focuses on monitoring porous Anodic Aluminum Oxide (AAO) layer on paper-based substrate for the detection of humidity. Porous AAO is a material with cylindrical pore geometry and high aspect ratio. Further, this material has many advantages, such as, easy fabrication, pore diameter's uniformity with high pore density (1011/cm2) and its use like humidity sensors. In summary, the AAO process fabrication on paper substrate is challenging causes of his ease of implementation, cost-effective and the use of a highly economical, conformable and ecological substrate. In this study, an experimental setup had been developed to anodize an aluminum layer deposit on flexible substrate by using phosphoric acid. Various anodization parameters (voltage, current density, temperature and concentration) have been investigated to obtain an AAO layer with good electrical properties and high reliability on flexible substrate. An interdigital capacitance has been deposited on the best AAO layer produced to fabricate a moisture sensor. The different sensors produced had been characterized versus humidity concentration and frequency in a climatic chamber. Depending on the AAO morphology parameters, the average sensitivity can be tuned from 0.8 pF/RH% to 9 pF/RH%.
This paper presents an overview of the CMOS on-chip rectifiers for RF energy harvesting in the RFID, internet of things, or wearable device applications. The pros and cons of different RF to DC rectifier topologies are investigated, compared, and summarized. All the topologies are designed and optimized in a 65nm CMOS process, with the input power range from -10dBm to 4dBm and the load resistor range from 10kΩ to 1MΩ. The simulated results show that the cross-connected (CC) topology exhibits the highest achievable power conversion efficiency up to 65% (rectifier only), while the CC topology with the threshold voltage cancellation technique and the MOS diode topology achieve 46.7% and 51%, respectively.
The commonly used identification techniques for appliances in a household are usually performed on the AC power supply side. However, as more household appliances and gadgets are now being DC powered, it is more accurate to perform the measurement and identification on the DC demand side. In addition, the AC identification method is not applicable for the DC household-grid. This paper discusses the application of a computational intelligence technique, k-Nearest Neighbours, to classify and identify DC appliances in a low voltage DC household through their 1st second of DC demand-side waveforms, sampled at 500Hz. Voltage and current waveforms were collected from an experiment conducted using this technique and it has been observed from the data collected that DC appliances generate unique current waveforms, similar to signatures, during the 1st second of operation. This time window can be spilt further into an inrush current stage and a steady-state stage. Two primary features and three secondary features of the waveforms were extracted and employed as attributes in the kNN technique, which was successfully used to classify and identify three appliances: a Peltier technology fridge, LED lights and a DC motor fan.
PSS tuning method based on collecting synchronized phasor measurements is presented. Proposed approach uses generators voltage frequency deviation data to identify equivalent power system model by means of MOESP identification technique. Further, identified model is subjected to μ-synthesis methods to obtain high order controller. PSS tuning is resulted from bode plots fitting of real PSS and synthesized controller.
The interest in the field of energy harvesting is related to the successful development of effective power sources that can be used indoors for driving electronic devices, such as wireless sensors, in the home or in building or in other applications, such as that of internet of things or domotics. One of the prime candidates is represented by photovoltaic cells, especially in their thin flexible form for more seamless integration. Here we compare the power output of three commercial samples of solar cells measured under artificial light-emitting diode (LED) lighting, namely amorphous silicon (a-Si), copper indium gallium selenide (CIGS), and polymer organic (OPV) flexible photovoltaics, together with dye sensitized solar cells (DSCs) developed in our laboratories. The properties of DSCs, together with their customization, enable these to reach remarkable power density outputs under indoor lighting.
This research investigates a sensors fault diagnosis in autonomous mobile robot. Through this study we use the observer - Kalman filter identification technique. According to this observer - based method, the experimental input-output data are being exploited for system identification. The motive is to design observers exclusively for each sensor of the system that allows generating residuals. The research goal is to provide early sensors fault diagnosis. In order to prove the efficacy of the proposed method, we investigated different type of faults and an experimental procedure was carried out using a Pioneer 3AT mobile robot.
This work discusses the development of P-band GaN High Power Amplifiers with target RF output power values higher than 140 W and power added efficiencies (PAE) beyond 70 %. Two realizations of an 80 W class single-ended power module have been designed, manufactured and tested using GaN devices from two different suppliers. Rigorous stability analyses based on pole-zero identification techniques have been performed from early conceptual stages in both linear and nonlinear regimes. In parallel, traditional load-pull techniques have been used in both designs to achieve the best trade-off in terms of RF output power, PAE and stability. In order to achieve the required RF output power, two identical power modules have been combined in a balanced architecture, obtaining RF output power levels in excess of 180 Watts with drain efficiency levels of 65 % by means of test. The HPAs have been characterized over temperature from -15 °C to 55 °C, showing negligible drifts.
This research presents a PEH/RF transmitter for internet of thing applications using an ultra-high power density energy harvester. A novel designing mechanism for actuating a bimorph PZT piezoelectric generated over than 60 mW power for one pressing process was proposed. The fabricated harvester consist of NVC, switch inductor circuit, and dc-dc circuit can provide outputs more than 16.2 mW, that it was the power consumption of commercial RFIC transmitters. At last, the signal represent the connecting processing form PEH/RF transmitter was succeed to be detected by receiver with the intensity of -28.44 dBm.
Steady-state identification is employed as part of different methods in process systems engineering, such as real-time optimization and advanced process control. In this paper, we analyze different steady-state identification techniques for chemical processes. In particular, a new method based on the ARX (Auto-Regressive model with eXogenous inputs) technique is proposed and compared with other methods available in the literature via two examples. The main advantages of the novel method lie on the design of its index, which considers the singularity of the model matrices, the reduction of the number of parameters to be tuned, and the intuitive selection of its threshold.
This paper presents dynamic modeling of a webserver hosted on a private cloud using grey box identification technique. In contrast to the results in literature, we model the web-server as a linear parameter varying (LPV) state space system valid around several well defined operating regions. We programmatically generate synthetic HTTP load based on open source workload tool called httperf to obtain response time as performance metric. Finally, we validate the models on test data by conducting experiments in the actual Eucalyptus cloud environment.
This paper deals with identification of a building model based on real-life data and subsequent temperature controller design. For the identification, advanced identification technique - namely MPC Relevant Identification method - is used. This approach has the capability of providing models with better prediction performance compared to the commonly used methods. Regarding the controller part, several alternatives are proposed. First, both linear and nonlinear MPC controlling the zone temperature are designed. Although highly attractive due to promising energetic savings and thermal comfort satisfaction, MPCs demand high computational power. To overcome this issue and preserve the attractive properties of the MPC, two MPC-learned feedback controllers are proposed, one learned from LMPC and the other learned from NMPC. While remaining computationally low-cost, they improve the performance of the classical controllers towards the high-performance MPC standards. The results exploiting data from real operation of an office equipped with air handling unit situated in Lakeshore building, Michigan Tech, are presented and discussed.
Previous work framed the battery State of Health (SoH) monitoring problem as an inaccessible subsystem identification problem and conceived an approach to monitor SoH via side reaction current density estimation when State of Charge (SoC) is perfectly known. In practice, however, SoC is only estimated, and even an SoC estimation error of less than 1% can significantly undermine the accuracy of the SoH estimation. In this paper, the development of a new inaccessible subsystem identification technique, called the Two Step Filter, is presented in a linear setting to estimate the SoC error and SoH variable simultaneously and hence allow for SoH monitoring even under SoC estimation errors. The potential of the Two Step Filter is demonstrated on a linearized battery model example. The result shows that the filter can successfully track the side reaction current density despite the presence of an SoC estimation error of 1%.
Economic model predictive control (EMPC) is a feedback control technique that attempts to tightly integrate economic optimization and feedback control since it is a predictive control scheme that is formulated with an objective function representing the process economics. As its name implies, EMPC requires the availability of a dynamic model to compute its control actions and such a model may be obtained either through application of first-principles or though system identification techniques. However, in industrial practice, it may be difficult in general to obtain an accurate first-principles model of the process. Motivated by this, in the present work, Lyapunov-based economic model predictive control (LEMPC) is designed with multiple linear empirical models. The different models are used to more accurately predict the behavior of a nonlinear system over a larger state-space region compared to using a single empirical linear model only. The LEMPC scheme is applied to a chemical process example to demonstrate its closed-loop stability and performance properties as well as significant computational advantages.
We use retrospective cost adaptive control (RCAC) to control the thrust generated by a scramjet. A quasi-one-dimensional version of the mass, momentum, and energy conservation equations of compressible fluid flow with heat release is used to model the physics of the scramjet. First, we study the dynamic behavior of the scramjet model. Then, we apply system identification techniques to fit a linear model to the data generated by the scramjet model to investigate the dependence of scramjet dynamics on the Mach number. Finally, we use RCAC to maintain the commanded thrust in the presence of a disturbance in the Mach number.
Everyday objects are generating a large amount of data that should be stored in the memories of their chips and communicated to a reader. One of the most important technologies used in the internet of things is RFID. Radio Frequency Identification RFID is increasingly used in various applications because of their high quality as well as their low costs. However how can RFID tags communicate via the internet while it doesn't own a network address? In this sense several methods of address translation have been proposed in the literature to increase the efficiency and the effectiveness of communications. In this paper we propose an algorithm based on the logic operator XOR to construct the IPv6 address of tags using the reader IPv6 address.
Body sensor Networks (BSNs) over the span of time are increasingly becoming significant and widely adopted. They are being utilized and implemented for monitoring and measurement the physiological parameters in both human beings and animals. BSNs are comprised of number of sensor nodes located and deployed over the human body or could be deployed in wearable form over the clothes. These sensors continuously gather the set parameters data of body area, to be used in the intelligent system in smart environments. BSNs need new transmission approaches that are both effective and capable of handling the requirements that involve data transference, functioning on extremely low power levels, and motility of the body area in the smart environments. BSNs are subjected to intensive research in major methods, challenges like sensors, data gathering, and network communication and many aspects of network architecture. This paper presents a Body Sensors Network Product based on virtual Hypercube structure backbone termed Smart BodyNet. Complemented by a data gathering approach and internal routing methodology between nodes to address several challenging BSNs network design issues in a environmented contributing to the smarter world. The Hypercube is an effective interconnection network whose main hallmarks are high-quality connectivity and maximum battery life as a backbone. In this work we leverage the concept of interoperability, smart phone to perform 2 (two) tasks. First, function as a base station to process, receive the gathered data from intelligent sensor nodes and secondly, to work as a gateway for attaching the movable and portable (Smart BodyNet) product to any other networks in the potential smart world involving integrated internet of things.
Pedestrian navigation via dead reckoning (PDR) is considered a promising domain for search and rescue personnel tracking, particularly for fire-fighters. The technique is considered particularly useful when other conventional means such as the GPS and RF-based location estimation are not present or not accurate. However, PDR approaches in real-world operating environments fail due to a wide range of factors ranging from the personnel's natural behavior to diversity of activities a first-responder may perform during a rescue mission. This technique presents a PDR activity classification technique utilizing shoe-mounted microelectromechanical sensors for efficient step and attitude analysis via a 2D Kalman filter. The methodology then utilizes HMMs for various activity types such as walking, side-stepping, crawling, etc. Tests performed on the proposed technique showed the step identification technique to perform well with an overall accuracy of 90.75% in step-counting where a simple Nai?ve Bayes classifier was used. The HMM-based activity classifier presented 86% and 85% accuracy in correctly identifying upstairs and downstairs walking activity.
This paper presents an automatic liquid level detection algorithm for a beverage refilling service in a restaurant. The automatic detection of liquid level provides the amount of residual of customer's beverage using a general-purpose surveillance camera deployed in a restaurant. The proposed system consists of three modules i) extraction of a cup and beverage region using color-based region segmentation by K-means clustering, ii) edge detection of the cup and beverage region, and iii) liquid level estimation based on edge detection. Using a general-purpose CCTV camera and a set of relevant image processing algorithms, the proposed system can be one of important applications of internet of things (IoT) service.
To support sustainable transport systems in South Africa, this paper proposes the adoption of internet of things (IoT) technologies. This research extracted information on the activities undertaken by South Africa's public transport agencies from the Department of Transport website, and for each of these activities identified a number of IoT applications and services that can be of value through literature sampling. The activities identified fall under the subdomains of road network management, road safety management, aviation management, road traffic management, maritime services management, cargo transport management, cross-border transport management and passenger rail management.
In order to ensure the safe supply of the drinking water the quality needs to be monitor in real time. In this paper we present a design and development of a low cost system for real time monitoring of the water quality in IOT(internet of things). The system consist of several sensors is used to measuring physical and chemical parameters of the water. The parameters such as temperature, PH, turbidity, conductivity, dissolved oxygen of the water can be measured. The measured values from the sensors can be processed by the core controller. The raspberry PI B+ model can be used as a core controller. Finally, the sensor data can be viewed on internet using cloud computing.
The goal of this Visionary Track on Web Tasking at IEEE World Congress on Services is to provide a forum for researchers and practitioners to present research results and positions on the challenges involved in developing methods, conceptual frameworks, architectures and tools to enable web tasking. The critical question at the core of this activity is how to put resources in the hands of web users, so that they can conduct web tasking with ease. Resources may come from (i) systems of record from enterprises, (ii) systems of instrumentation as in cyber-physical systems and internet of things, and (iii) systems of people including individuals and relationships from across various social networking platforms. Web-tasking research requires interdisciplinary research expertise and collaboration.
Hydrogen-related technologies have been proposed as an alternative to store the energy surplus from renewable sources. Among these technologies, the proton exchange membrane fuel cell (PEMFC) and electrolyzer are the preferred choice for practical applications since they have reached a certain level of maturity and are commercially available at present. In order to achieve a cost-effective operation, a PEMFC stack must operate at maximum efficiency most of the time. Since PEMFC stacks present a time-varying behavior, an adaptive model-based controller should be employed to accomplish this goal. A fixed-parameter electrochemical model may not offer a reliable prediction over a midterm time horizon for such a controller. For this reason, system identification techniques appear as more appropriate choices to obtain an effective model for this class of control systems. In this paper, a system identification modeling methodology employing nonlinear autoregressive with exogenous input (NARX) and nonlinear output error (NOE) neural networks is presented to obtain a black-box model of a PEMFC stack oriented for a predictive control system. The experimental data for the model development are obtained with a commercial 3-kW PEMFC stack. The model built according to the proposed methodology provides accurate predictions of the voltage for the whole operating range of the stack for a long time and, hence, the ability to represent the time-varying behavior of a PEMFC stack for a predictive control application.
We investigate how to well utilize radio frequency identification techniques for real-time location systems (RTLS). A new control method, locate tracking tag through reader power control and candidate region intersection (LOCTREC), has been proposed to improve the RTLS estimation accuracy by eliminating trivial tag information from the estimation procedure. Multireaders were deployed and operated with multipower level to progressively refine the target tag region for accurate location estimation. To enhance the LOCTREC, visual tag interpolation algorithms were adopted to further refine the tag grid to enhance location estimation. Experiments showed that the estimation errors is 70% smaller than its counterpart of LANDMARC and SpotON which deploy regularly spaced reference tags to determine signal strength. For intuitive displaying the result, a video surveillance module was integrated with the RTLS to visually render the located objects, based on which context-aware services can be developed. One example is a smart wheelchair (SWC) with a friendly user-environment control interface that enables SWC users to interact with his living environment like a normal healthy person.
The emerging internet of Things lags massively behind conventional computers in terms of cyber security, with many manufacturers failing to implement basic security practices, researchers warned at Mobile World Congress.
The Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) system is an automatic identification technology of choice over other existing technologies. Nowadays, the ability to identify many objects simultaneously is crucial for more advanced applications such as to identify objects in the warehouse and at the supermarket. These applications require an efficient identification technique which can identify many objects at one time without long delay. Meanwhile, one of the main issues during the identification process is the tags collision which occurs when all these tags are simultaneously responding to the reader commands. The RFID applications also require the tag to be simple, small, cheap and memoryless. Therefore the research is to evaluate the the performance of the proposed tag architecture for the Fast Detection Anti-collision Algorithm (FDACA) using the Total Tag Replies parameter. The Total Tag Replies parameter for the Binary Tree and the proposed FDACA tags are explained. The tag architecture for both techniques are described in Verilog Hardware Description Language (HDL) and simulated using Xilinix software. Then both tag architectures are synthesized using Application Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) technology (0.18 μm Library, Synopsys Compiler and tools). The tags performances are evaluated based on the obtained synthesis parameters.
The Internet of Things (IoT) promises to be the next big revolution of the World Wide Web. It has a very wide range of applications, ranging from smart cities, smart homes, monitoring radiation levels in nuclear plants, animal tracking, health surveillance and a lot more. When nodes in wireless sensor networks are monitored through internet it becomes a part of Internet of Things. This brings in a lot of concerns related to security, privacy, standardization, power management. This paper aims at enhancing security in smart home systems. Devices like thermostat, air conditioners, doors and lighting systems are connected with each other and the internet through the internet of things technologies. Encryption and hash algorithms are proposed in this paper through which devices in the IoT can securely send messages between them. Encryption algorithm is used to ensure confidentiality as the attackers cannot interpret the cipher text that is sent. In order to ensure integrity (cipher text is not changed) hash algorithm is used.
This paper presents an original implementation, in an embedded controller, of a recently proposed online wideband single-phase AC system impedance identification technique and its validation via a Hardware In the Loop (HIL) real-time simulation setup. The technique uses an existing grid-tied inverter for estimation of wide bandwidth single-phase AC grid impedance in addition to performing its original power conversion function. A small-signal Pseudo Random Binary Sequence (PRBS), a digital approximation of white noise, can be super-imposed on the inverter switching commands. This injected white noise signal is wide bandwidth in nature, and, using appropriate cross correlation techniques, the wideband AC grid impedance can be measured. In smart grid applications, online wideband monitoring of AC power grid impedances is a key enabler of a set of capabilities, such as health monitoring, active filter retuning, and adaptive control of inverters. To evaluate the effectiveness of the online wide bandwidth AC power impedance identification technique in all of these smart grid applications, the proposed HIL setup aims at the numerical evaluation of the identification technique performance as well as the evaluation of all practical implementation issues.
As energy consumption is gradually increased due to rapid development of industrialization, the whole world including our country is faced with an issue of lack of back-up power, exhaustion of fossil energy and global warming. Under this background, as a method of maximizing energy efficiency by preventing global warming and reduction of greenhouse gas emission, smart grid that converged existing power network with IT technology receives concentrative attention as a growth engine of next generation [1-3]. Currently, maintenance of domestic solar power plant management is provided at the center through remote monitoring by using measuring sensor being installed at power plant and as regular check-up or repair being performed at site is progressed by site management personnel by directly moving power generation facility, there is a difference in time and accuracy depending on ability of site management personnel. In this paper, a system of managing smart grid power generation facility by internet of things (IOT) technology is suggested. Maintenance of suggested system for its regular check-up and failure is allowed by site manager conveniently and by using facility recognition based technology instead of existing QR code, its direct application is allowed without additional equipment to smart grid power generation facility being operated at present and by developing power generation facility recognition service using markerless based facility recognition technology, it may be expanded to a technology of recognizing other smart grid power generation facility in the future.
Wearables are the next big development in the mobile internet of things. Operating in a body area network around a smartphone user they serve a variety of commercial, medical, and personal uses. Whether used for fitness tracking, mobile health monitoring, or as remote controllers, wearable devices can include sensors that collect a variety of data and actuators that provide hap tic feedback and unique user interfaces for controlling software and hardware. Wearables are typically wireless and use Bluetooth LE (low energy) to transmit data to a waiting smartphone app. Frequently, apps forward this data onward to online web servers for tracking. Security and privacy concerns abound when wearables capture sensitive data or provide critical functionality. This paper develops a platform, called SecuWear, for conducting wearable security research, collecting data, and identifying vulnerabilities in hardware and software. SecuWear combines open source technologies to enable researchers to rapidly prototype security vulnerability test cases, evaluate them on actual hardware, and analyze the results to understand how best to mitigate problems. The paper includes two types of evaluation in the form of a comparative analysis and empirical study. The results reveal how several passive observation attacks present themselves in wearable applications and how the SecuWear platform can capture the necessary information needed to identify and combat such attacks.
As traditional circuit design reaches a higher level of maturity, the role of educational institutions is changing. For new graduate students entering the field, system-level research that caters to novel emerging applications provides an attractive alternative to traditional circuit-focused topics for PhD dissertations. In response to this paradigm shift, some institutions have opted to slow down faculty hiring in traditional circuit design areas in favor of emerging technologies and applications including 3D IC, MEMS, bio-technology, wearable electronics and internet of things. Is this trend detrimental to the industry as it is still very much in need of constant flow of fresh circuits talent? A panel of experts from industry and academia will tackle this question along with other concerns such as: Is it necessary for students to carry out their circuit research in advanced technologies or should they focus on just fundamentals? Are professors training students to design ICs for better Figure of Merits or to be creative designers?
Smart city, as an advanced form of new-generation urban information based on internet of things and cloud computing, has become the latest concept of urban construction, striving to make the city life much more intelligent with information and communication technology. As a significant part of construction, wall pipelines cover various aspects, including electricity, water supply and pollution discharge. In this paper, the three-dimensional model was automatically generated by the traditional two-dimensional plane graph, and the interaction and real-time modeling for three-dimensional scene were accomplished with virtual roaming technology, which can observe the location of wall pipeline in the most direct way and provide convenience for managing the pipeline information of smart city.
The contribution of this paper is the application of subspace system identification techniques to design a wide area controller for damping power oscillations. A state feedback linear control strategy based on model is proposed. The gains of the controller are obtained through a linear quadratic regulator (LQR) algorithm. The model is obtained through identification using available measurements of frequencies/speeds after applying perturbations like changes in reference of active or reactive powers. Simulations performed in PSS/E using IEEE 12 bus power system benchmark shows very good oscillation damping improvement. Three different test was evaluated which have different kind of perturbation.
Automatic identification of scripts, an imperative research problem during the last few decades, has posed many challenges in any multi-script environment. As India is a multilingual country, therefore, text documents containing more than one language are very familiar phenomenon here. But to digitize these multi-lingual documents using any Optical Character Recognition (OCR) engine, first it is required to recognize the scripts used to write the same. In this paper, a page-level script identification technique for eight popular handwritten scripts namely, Bangla, Devanagari, Gurumukhi, Oriya, Tamil, Telugu, Urdu along with Roman has been proposed. To start with, Modified log-Gabor filters based texture features are designed from each of the document pages. Then the proposed model is evaluated using multiple classifiers and based on their identification accuracies, it is found that Simple Logistic performs the best. Outcome of the present experiment reveals the usefulness of the Modified log-Gabor filters based features in recognition of handwritten Indic scripts. A total of 240 document pages is used to carry out the present experiment and it yields 95.57% accuracy in identifying the scripts of the documents. Even if the proposed method is assessed on limited dataset, but considering the intricacies of the scripts, the outcome can be assumed reasonably acceptable.
The goal of giving information a well-defined meaning is currently shared by different research communities. Once information has a well-defined meaning, it can be searched and retrieved more effectively. Therefore, this paper is a survey about the methods that compare different textual information sources in order to determine whether they address a similar information or not. The improvement of the studied methods will eventually lead to increase the efficiency of documentary research. In order to achieve this goal, the first category of methods focuses on semantic measure definitions. A second category of methods focuses on paraphrase identification techniques, and the last category deals with improving event extraction techniques. A general discussion is given at the end of the paper presenting the advantages and disadvantages of these methods.
The internet of things (IOT) technology is introduced to the job-shop floor to address the barriers between upper management system and the underlying field automation systems, but also brings new problems, namely, the production management data appears explosive growth. For solving this problem, a data processing methodology based on cognitive computing and cognitive informatics is presented. By simulating the human brain information processing to eye, ears, hands, nose, tongue and other sensory organs, the data of job-shop floor IOT is divided into seven layers from bottom to top, and those layers is classified to passive data acquisition layer and active data acquisition layer. Active data acquisition process consists of three phases. The manufacturing data, manufacturing information and manufacturing knowledge are respectively acquired in three phases, and stored in the corresponding type of database in order to realize the fast reading and updating in different ways. Manufacturing information and manufacturing knowledge based on different granularity are also divided into different levels to meet the job-shop floor IOT management requirements for quick and correct decision-making. This methodology not only effectively reduces the scale of job-shop floor IOT management data, but also gives out different judgments for manufacture problems according to different response time requirements. What's more, five key enabling technologies are described in detail, that is, layered reference model of data, the database function model, data processing stage division, manufacturing information acquisition model and manufacturing knowledge hierarchical model.
5G, a future generation cellular networks is expected to meet the increasing demand of continuous growing mobile users and the emergence of services such as internet of things (IoT), machine-to-machine communication (M2M). Massive MIMO has been identified as a promising technology that offers orders-of-magnitude improvements in spectral-efficiency over 4G technologies. However, one of the major limiting factors is pilot contamination when TDD protocol is considered. Different methods have been proposed in literature to mitigate effect of pilot contamination in multi-cellular systems. This paper provides an overview of the proposed approaches in mitigating the effect of pilot contamination in massive MIMO systems. First, we classify the methods proposed under two categories: pilot-based approach and subspace-based approach. We examine the problems of pilot contamination and open issues are discussed.
In this paper, the parameters identification and control problem is investigated for a mechanical servo system with LuGre friction. First of all, an intelligent glowworm swarm optimization algorithm is developed to identify the friction parameters. Then, an adaptive control based on glowworm swarm optimization (AC+GSO) is designed by using a finite-time parameter estimate law to speed up the parameter convergence. Finally, comparative simulations are given to show that the proposed parameters identification technique and adaptive control law are effective with high tracking performance.
To satisfy the rescue tasks, a heavy-duty quadruped robot is developed recently. To guarantee the payload capability, the leg design is based on a parallel mechanism and the actuators are selected as powerful motors. Foot force sensing is very important for the gait control. Traditional foot force sensors are easy to corrupt due to the strong repeated impact from the ground. In this study, the foot force estimation method is proposed from the distributed current sensing in the motor driver. It is based on a dynamic model of the robot. To compensate unknown model parameters and frictions, an improved dynamic model based on neural networks is estimated using the system identification technique from the measured data. No extra foot force or motor torque sensors are used, and the size and weight of the robot do not increase. The experiments are conducted to verify the effectiveness.
We demonstrate a novel location aware services framework termed COMA for efficient compression and map-matching of road-network graph data. Key innovations include working demonstration of a new compression algorithm to eliminate nodes and edges that do not affect graph connectivity while ensuring object location map-matching accuracy. The demonstration features: (1) Algorithm to leverage compressed versions of road-network graphs for map-matching of objects locations to correct road edges without decompression, (2) Upwards of 75% compression ratio implying significant savings for road network data transmission costs, a key constraint for internet of things (IOT) devices, and (3) Use of a new controllable parameter, termed conflict factor C, whereby location aware services can trade the compression efficiency with map-matching accuracy at varying granularity. In addition to above features the demonstration features an extensible framework that enables experimentation and comparison between various compression and map-matching algorithms in a rich interactive interface. In this paper we outline data management challenges for location aware services using various scenarios for compression of a real road-network map of a large region of United States, along with both real and synthetic moving object trajectories distributed over this map. We describe the COMA framework through its map-based Graphical User Interface, ability to select the area of interest from the road-network map, and submit a compression request. COMA can export and save the compact versions of the selected area in different formats and plot the compressed graph over the original map for visual inspection to study the differences between compressed and uncompressed versions and various related statistics.
As professional mobile radio (PMR) networks evolve to a new generation based on Long Term Evolution (LTE), a new direct communication mode needs to be developed. Not only in PMR networks, but the increase of proximity services due to the explosion of the internet of things bring us to a new communication paradigm. The PMR users have very specific requirements and one of those is the ability to communicate in a direct way with all the group members, even in out-of-coverage scenarios. In the current PMR standards, communication degradations due to collisions can occur when there is no infrastructure available, especially in dense scenarios. In this article, we propose a mechanism that allows device-to-device (D2D) broadcast communications, even in out-of-coverage scenarios. The mechanism presented hereafter improves the data rate compared to the current PMR mechanism, by reducing the number of collisions using the LTE physical resource block (RB) structure.
It has been noticed that one of the main problems with R&D projects is the high amounts of risk. Standard risk management practices have historically proven to be inadequate in R&D project where not all aspects of the project are known. The problem with the risk management process is not the management of the risks but the lack of identification of risks. Standard risk identification techniques such as brainstorming make use of the diversity and experience of large groups of participants but in research and development projects the project teams are generally made up of small teams who are specialised in one field. This lack of diversity and few numbers causes general risk identification techniques to fail in identifying all possible risks. A structured brainstorming risk identification method was developed for use in R&D projects in order to lead the project teams in the identification process to identify more risks and increase the effectiveness of the risk management process.
With the rapid development of the internet of things and intelligent manufacturing technology, the computer numerical controllers are required to reflect the running status of the manufacturing equipments, but the existing discrete manufacturing equipments and their control systems cannot extract, transport and process the running information, while the existing workshop management systems don't have the ability to simulate the manufacturing process of the production line system based on the running information. To solve this problem, this paper proposed a method to design and simulate the production line system based on multi-channel controller, the designed simulation system has two modules, the information collection module and the manufacturing process simulation module. The information collection mode can collect the running information of the manufacturing equipments, while the manufacturing process simulation module can do collision detection and simulate the manufacturing process according to the real-time information gained by the information collection module, and the experiments shown that the method proposed by the paper is reasonable and effective.
Use of multiple scripts for information communication through various media is quite common in a multilingual country. Optical character recognition of such document images or videos assists in indexing them for effective information retrieval. Hence, script identification from multi-lingual documents/images is a necessary step for selecting the appropriate OCR, due the absence of a single OCR system capable of handling multiple scripts. Script identification from printed as well as handwritten documents is a well-researched area, but script identification from video frames has not been explored much. Low resolution, blur, noisy background, to mention a few are the major bottle necks when processing video frames, and makes script identification from video images a challenging task. This paper examines the potential of Bag-of-Visual Words based techniques for word-wise script identification from video frames. Two different approaches namely, Bag-Of-Features (BoF) and Spatial Pyramid Matching (SPM), using patch based SIFT descriptors were considered for the current study. SVM Classifier was used for analysing the three popular south Indian scripts, namely Tamil, Telugu and Kannada in combination with English and Hindi. A comparative study of Bag-of-Visual words with traditional script identification techniques involving gradient based features (e.g. HoG) and texture based features (e.g. LBP) is presented. Experimental results shows that patch-based features along with SPM outperformed the traditional techniques and promising accuracies were achieved on 2534 words from the five scripts. The study reveals that patch-based feature can be used for scripts identification in-order to overcome the inherent problems with video frames.
Even though artificial vision has been in development for over half a century it still fares poorly when compared to biological vision. The processing capabilities of biological visual systems are vastly superior in terms of power, speed, and performance. Inspired by this robust performance artificial vision systems have sought to take inspiration from biology by modeling aspects of biological vision systems. Existing computational models of visual neurons can be derived by quantitatively fitting particular sets of physiological data using an input-output analysis where a known input is given to the system and its output is recorded. These models need to capture the full spatio-temporal description of neuron behaviour under natural viewing conditions. In this work we use state-of-the-art fuzzy neural network techniques to accurately model the responses of retinal ganglion cells. We illustrate how a self-organising fuzzy neural network can accurately model ganglion cell behaviour, and are a viable alternative to traditional system identification techniques.
Robotic technologies provide accurate, objective, and highly reliable tools for assessment of brain function following stroke. KINARM is an exoskeleton device that uses a number of behavioral tasks to objectively quantify sensorimotor, proprioceptive and cognitive brain function using a battery of behavioral tasks. With a growing number of tasks deployed to more broadly assess different aspects of behavior on the KINARM system, different strategies are required to reduce the overall assessment time. Two specific tasks designed for assessment of visuomotor control, multi-joint coordination and cognitive processes related to attention and inhibition include Object Hit and Object Hit and Avoid tasks. The present study investigates the similarities between these two tasks using a system identification technique known as Fast Orthogonal Search. Results of our study show that all parameters of the Object Hit task can be predicted using Object Hit and Avoid parameters with R values ranging from 0.66 to 0.92, close to inter-rater reliability scores for the Object Hit parameters. We were able to classify stroke from control subjects using the predicted Object Hit task parameters, with similar accuracies as those obtained using the actual parameter values. These findings can be used to shorten the KINARM assessment procedure.
Asset tracking systems developed around the Internet of Things paradigm are composed of a collection of various objects interconnected by different communication technologies. Each of these devices function through local and/or remote interaction with the real world or other devices and systems. The problem of ensuring a dependable and responsive middleware that is capable of handling and servicing such devices, process voluminous data without compromising responsiveness is still eminent. In this paper, we present a solution that was designed using in-lining approach to deliver a middleware that acts as an insulator for hiding the internal workings of the asset tracking system prototype by providing homogenous and abstract environment to the highest layers. In order to evaluate the middleware, a laptop tracking and monitoring system that integrates various internet of things components (at least 4 components: RFIDs, wireless sensors, mobile phones and biometric readers) was implemented and tested within a university environment.
Script identification is an important step in success of multilingual OCR with specialized OCR for each script. Language like Kannada has a wide variety of font style and OCR for Kannada should handle all font type. A multi-OCR with specialized recognizer for each font type is most suitable for Kannada script. Font type identification is a key step in such as solution. We have proposed font identification technique using Gabor features on sub image level. Representatives of Gabor feature are formed and a confidence measure based on Euclidean distance is used as closeness measure. A bin is used which keep track of highest confidence occur at word level and based on maximum bin count font type of a document is identified. Experiments are conducted on scanned Kannada document with 100% as font type identification rate at document level.
We investigate the economics of internet of things (IoT). An economic model of IoT consists of end users, advertisers and three different kinds of providers. We model different kinds of interaction among the providers as a combination of sequential and parallel non-cooperative games. We characterize the equilibrium pricing strategy and payoff of providers and corresponding demands of end users in each such setting. We quantify the impact of advertising revenue on the equilibrium pricing and demands, and compare the payoffs and demands for different interaction models.
Unprecedented growth of online social networks, communication networks and internet of things have given birth to large volume, fast changing datasets. Data generated from such systems have an inherent graph structure in it. Updates in staggering frequencies (e.g. edges created by message exchanges in online social media) impose a fundamental requirement for real-time processing of unruly yet highly interconnected data. As a result, large-scale dynamic graph processing has become a new research frontier in computer science. In this paper, we present a new vertex-centric hierarchical bulk synchronous parallel model for distributed processing of dynamic graphs. Our model allows users to easily compose static graph algorithms similar to the widely used vertex-centric model. It also enables incremental processing of dynamic graphs by automatically executing user composed static graph algorithms in an incremental manner. We map widely used single source shortest path and connected component algorithms to this model and empirically analyze the performance on real-world large scale graphs. Experimental results show that our model improves the performance of both static and dynamic graph computation compared to the vertex-centric model by reducing the global synchronization overhead.
This article consists of a single image from the author's conference presentation. The complete presentation was not made available for publication as part of the conference proceedings.
This paper provides an overview of building structure modeling and control under bidirectional seismic waves. It focuses on different types of bidirectional control devices, control strategies, and bidirectional sensors used in structural control systems. This paper also highlights the various issues like system identification techniques, the time-delay in the system, estimation of velocity and position from acceleration signals, and optimal placement of the sensors and control devices.
The number of smart things is growing exponentially. By 2020, tens of billions of things will be deployed worldwide, collecting a wealth of diverse data. Traditional computing models collect in-field data and then transmit it to a central data center where analytics are applied to it, but this is no longer a sustainable model. New approaches and new technologies are required to transform enormous amounts of collected data into meaningful information. Technology also will enable the interconnection around things in the IoT ecosystem but further research is required in the development, convergence and interoperability of the different IoT elements. In this paper, we provide a picture of the main technological components needed to enable the interconnection among things in order to realize IoT concepts and applications.
Virtual Reality research contributions related to human experiences in cities are essential to the Health. Inside this context, the aim of this work is an investigation that uses a systematic review process to verify virtual reality studies in the context of the smart cities and internet of things, highlighting health and rehabilitation solutions. Our review presents six relevant approaches and carries out an analysis on these in order to point the results and the applicability of the solutions. The study also discusses the articles and shows directions for the improvement of Virtual Reality technology in smart healthcare solutions, such as serious games and training systems for this purpose.
The number of devices connected to the Internet of Things (IoT) has steadily been increasing over the last years and so has the variety of applications. There is no sign for this trend to weaken. A broad subset of them imposes requirements on attributes, such as availability, reliability, safety and many more. These attributes are commonly subsumed under the term dependability. In this paper we first give a brief introduction to dependability. Three application scenarios typical for the IoT are presented and their demands for each dependability attribute are discussed. Furthermore, an overview of the current state of the art is presented. Last, a summary of required technologies and future research topics to enable dependability in the IoT is given.
Internet of thing will soon connect billion of objects together. Interference with existing standard in the ISM bands and outside is a hot issue to solve. Ultra-narrow band modulation has recently been proposed to decrease interference for low-datarate system. To simplify frond-end design, ultra-narrow band (UNB) antenna could be used to prefiltered the RF signal. A first proof-of-concept is proposed with a measured quality factor of 354 at 1.39 GHz and a total efficiency of -3.8dB.
The era of Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) emerged due to the advancement in information technology for internet of things. In WSN large numbers of sensor nodes are deployed to sensing and collecting information from its surrounding and send them to the base station with the help of routing protocol. Routing protocols are used to maintain and identify the routes in the network. Energy consumption is a major challenge in WSN. There are various routing protocols for handling routing problems as well as optimizing energy consumption in WSN. In this paper we have used Qual Net 7.1 simulator to perform simulation analysis of IARP, RIP and STAR routing protocols based on different performance metrics such as number of update packets sent, node wise energy consumption as well as percentage of time in different modes, average energy consumed in transmit, receive and idle mode with different terrain sizes and varying simulation time in transmit mode.
Finger prints are considered as the best tool of identification. Gender identification from fingerprints is an important step in forensic anthropology in order to identify the gender of a criminal and minimize the list of suspect search. Fingerprint identification and classification has been extensively researched in the literature however very few researchers have studied the fingerprint gender classification problem. In the present work, we proposed an easy and efficient technique to classify gender of a person using systematic fingerprint ridge counting to a valley area. The study was carried out on the age group of 18 to 40 years where the students, workers, housewives etc are taken as the subjects. An optimal threshold for each transform is chosen for better results. It is found that the proposed system produces accurate decision of 85% of male and 74% of female. The overall performance of the system is found to be satisfactory and useful to forensic anthropology.
This paper investigates Hall-effect sensor faults in brushless dc drives and proposes a very effective methodology for their detection, identification and compensation. It is shown that these faults cause erroneous commutation, generally leading to unstable operation. By using a fault detection and identification technique proposed by the authors in a previous paper related to low cost field-oriented drives, [22], together with appropriate fault-compensated position and speed estimation algorithms, it is shown for the first time that proper operation is guaranteed for both single and double faults. Comparative experimental results are provided for operation with three state of the art, Hall-effect sensor based, estimation algorithms: the zeroth order algorithm, [19], the hybrid observer, [20], and the vector-tracking observer, [21]. It is verified that stable operation is achieved with three, two or only a single Hall-effect sensor functioning correctly.
IOT (internet of things) owner may not want their sensitive data to be public in the cloud. However, the client operated by IOT owner may be too lightweight to provide the encryption/decryption service. To remove the issue, we propose a novel solution to minimize the access control cost for IOT owner. First, we present a security model for IOT with minimal cost of IOT owner client without encryption, in which we transfer the encryption/decryption from the client to the cloud. Second, we propose an access control model to minimize the key management cost for IOT owner. Third, we provide an authorization update method to minimize the cost dynamically. In our method, the sensitive data from IOT owner is only available to the authorized user. Each IOT owner needs only to manage a single password, by which the IOT owner can always manage his/her sensitive data and authorization no matter the authorization policy how to change. Experimental results show that our approach significantly outperforms most of existing methods with efficient key management for IOT owner.
IEEE 802.11ah Task Group has been developing an amendment to the 802.11 standard to define sub-1-GHz license-exempt operation to support sensors and Internet of Things applications. This article presents an overview of major physical layer and MAC layer features of 802.11ah.
The paper presents a study of the identifiability of a lumped model of the cardiovascular system. The significance of this work from the existing literature is in the potential advantage of using both arterial and central venous (CVP) pressures, two signals that are frequently monitored in the critical care unit. The analysis is done on the system's state-space representation via control theory and system identification techniques. Non-parametric state-space identification is preferred over other identification techniques as it optimally assesses the order of a model, which best describes the input-output data, without any prior knowledge about the system. In particular, a recent system identification algorithm, namely Observer Kalman Filter Identification with Deterministic Projection, is used to identify a simplified version of an existing cardiopulmonary model. The outcome of the study highlights the following two facts. In the deterministic (noiseless) case, the theoretical indicators report that the model is fully identifiable, whereas the stochastic case reveals the difficulty in determining the complete system's dynamics. This suggests that even with the use of CVP as an additional pressure signal, the identification of a more detailed (high order) model of the circulatory system remains a challenging task.
As a new modality for biometric identification, electrocardiogram-based identification technique has been developed. We proposed a technique with high frequency component of electrocardiogram (HFECG) in QRS segment. In this report, an unregistered user refusal algorithm was combined with the artificial neural network based waveform classifier. The refusal function was realized by simple thresholding technique. HFECGs from twenty collaborators were used for supervised learning. Twenty HFECGs from the same collaborators were tested and false acceptance rate (FAR) and false rejection rate (FRR) were evaluated. Ten HFECGs from other collaborators were also tested to find unregistered user refusal performance. The results show that FAR and FRR in the registrants can be kept within 1%, however, unregistered user refusal performance was not acceptable under the same condition.
We studied the effects of robotic-assisted locomotor (LOKOMAT) training or an anti-spastic medication (tizanidine) on neuromuscular abnormality associated with spasticity in persons with incomplete Spinal Cord Injury (SCI). Subjects were randomly divided to three groups: Lok, Tiz, and Cont. LOKOMAT training was performed 3 days/week for 4 weeks, with up to 45 minutes of training per session. Tizanidine (2mg) was administered (4day), for 4 weeks. Subjects in Cont group received no intervention. The participants were evaluated before and after 4 weeks of training, and the effects of training on the intrinsic (muscular) and reflexive components of the neuromuscular properties were quantified over the ankle range-of-motion. A parallel-cascade system identification technique was used to determine the reflex and intrinsic stiffness of the ankle joint as a function of ankle position at each time point. The intercept and slope of the stiffness vs. joint angle curve were then calculated and tracked over the four-week period. The number of subjects that achieved the minimally important difference (MID) for the intercepts and slopes, and levels of changes were compared. Both Lokomat and tizanidine resulted in significant reduction in both intercept and slope of reflex and intrinsic stiffness. However, a higher proportion of subjects in Lok group achieved the MID for the reflex (>90%) and intrinsic (65-78%) parameters compared with Tiz group (up to 63% and 25% for reflex and intrinsic parameters, respectively). The levels of reduction were also higher in the Lok than the Tiz group. No one in the Cont group achieved the MID. Our findings demonstrate that LOKOMAT training can be more efficient in modifying neuromuscular abnormalities associated with spasticity than tizanidine.
In this paper, a method for identifying uncertain parameters in a rotordynamic system composed of a flexible rotating shaft, rigid discs and two radial active magnetic bearings is presented. Shaft and disc dynamics are mathematically described using a Finite Element (FE) model while magnetic bearing forces are represented by linear springs with negative stiffness. Bearing negative stiffness produces an unstable rotordynamic system, demanding implementation of feedback control to stabilize the rotordynamic system. Thus, to identify the system parameters, closed-loop system identification techniques are required., The main focus of the paper relies on how to effectively identify uncertain parameters, such as stiffness and damping force coefficients of bearings and seals in rotordynamic systems. Dynamic condensation method, i.e. pseudo-modal reduction, is used to obtain a reduced order model for model-based control design and fast identification., The paper elucidates how nodal parametric uncertainties, which are easily represented in the full FE coordinate system, can be represented in the new coordinate system of the reduced model. The uncertainty is described as a single column vector of the system matrix A of the full FE model while it is represented as several elements spread over multiple rows and columns of the system matrix of the reduced model. The parametric uncertainty, for both the full and reduced FE model, is represented using Linear Fractional Transformation (LFT). In this way the LFT matrices represent the mapping of the uncertainties in and out of the full and reduced FE system matrices. Scaling the LFT matrices easily leads to the amplitudes of the uncertainty parameters., Youla Parametrization method is applied to transform the identification problem into an open-loop stable problem, which can be solved using standard optimization methods., An example shows how to decouple and identify an uncertainty in the linear bearing stiffness of a reduced FE r- tordynamic system.
Wireless Sensors Network (WSN) are used to build decision support systems (DSS) to overcome many real-world problems. Nowadays, one of the most popular fields that needs DSS is precision agriculture (PA). In general, this paper presents WSN as an alternative and efficient way to solve the farming resources optimization and decision making. Precision agriculture systems based on the internet of things (IOT) technology is explained in detail especially on the hardware and network architecture and software process control of the precision irrigation system. The system collect, analyse and monitors data from the sensors in a feedback loop which activates the control devices based on pre-calculated threshold value.
Software effort estimations are based on prediction properties of system with attention to develop methodologies. Many organizations follow the risk management but the risk identification techniques will differ. In this paper, we focus on two effort estimation techniques such as use case point and function point are used to estimate the effort in the software development. The decision table is used to compare these two methods to analyze which method will produce the accurate result. The neural network is used to train the decision table with the use of back propagation training algorithm and compare these two effort estimation methods (use case point and function point) with the actual effort. By using the past project data, the estimation methods are compared. Similarly risk will be evaluated by using the summary of questionnaire received from the various software developers. Based on the report, we can also mitigate the risk in the future process.
The Internet of Things (IoT) is the interconnection of uniquely identifiable embedded computing devices within the existing Internet infrastructure. Typically, internet of things (IoT) is expected to offer advanced connectivity of devices, systems, and services that goes beyond machine-to-machine communications (M2M) and covers a variety of protocols, domains, and applications. The interconnection of these embedded devices including smart objects, is expected to usher in automation in nearly all fields, while also enabling advanced applications like a Smart Grid. The main research challenge in Internet of things (IoT) for the forensic investigators is based size of the objects of forensic interest, relevancy, blurry network boundaries and edgeless networks, especially on method for conducting the investigation. The aim of this paper is to identify the best approach by designing a novel model to conduct the investigation situations for digital forensic professionals and experts. There was existing research works which introduce models for identifying the objects of forensics interest in investigations, but there were no rigorous testing for accepting the approach. Currently in this work, an integrated model is designed based on triage model and 1-2-3 zone model for volatile based data preservation.
Material not received in time for publication in this proceedings record.
Ubiquitous computing, known also as internet of things, is often considered as the post internet revolution, where devices are embedded in everyday objects that can communicate and take decision automatically without human intervention. However, in spite of their quick popularity and the maturity of both embedded architectures and computer science programming, designing flexible ubiquitous system remains a complex task especially for beginners. The main objective is to create a flexible platform designed to facilitate the design of embedded systems for ubiquitous applications. This platform is suitable for users with low programming skills. As a proof of concept, the authors choose as ubiquitous system a mobile robot that its functionality can be modified easily by the proposed platform. The compilation of the code corresponding to the new robot functionality is obtained using a distant CLOUD server, the program is compiled there, then loaded to the robot using a wireless programmer. In this paper the authors present the general structure of the designed system, then they go through the different steps to implement the robot compiler in the cloud and test it.
The "Internet of Things" (IoT) represents an em- bodiment of the continuous convergence between the physical facet of human activities and its reflection on the informa- tion world. In the context of “Industrial Internet”, where the operation of complex physical machinery is integrated with networked sensors and software applications, IoT is under- stood as a technological enabler of significant advances in the efficiency of industrial processes. In this paper, we elaborate on the main challenges brought on by the Industrial Internet and identify its key enabling technologies relevant to the Fog Computing paradigm. Further on, we propose the introduction of an Adaptive Operations Platform (AOP) to provide end-to- end manageability of the enabling Fog Computing infrastructure according to the operational requirements of industrial process. We present our prototype setup for AOP and elaborate on its performance evaluation in a typical industrial scenario.
The explosive growth of the insurance data puts forward a higher demand for the data processing of the internet of things. This paper adopts distributed database as the underlying data storage, combines with array-based apriori technology on the basis of data mining, applies and queries, and proposes a type of array-based apriori optimization algorithm. Array-based data layout, first stacks data arrays, applies the apriori optimized algorithm to each stack, and connects by adopting the descending order. The improved algorithm reduces the number of connections, decreases the the number of scans and improves memory utilization.
The present paper proposes an iterative learning control (ILC) algorithm for accurate force tracking in a long range tribometer. The device is a nonlinear single input single output plant affected by repetitive and non repetitive perturbations in the output. The former perturbations result from the repetitive nature of the tests, and the latter ones are caused by friction phenomena in the guiding elements. Due to the characteristics of the device, it has been necessary to develop specific solutions to assure a robust behavior: on the one hand, analysis and identification techniques for the perturbations, and on the other hand, a spatial synchronization. The finally developed controller combines ILC with feedforward and feedback commands. The system is experimentally validated and the results show a substantial improvement in the performance compared to more classical approaches.
Recently, a state space identification method was developed for linear periodic parameter-varying systems in the frequency domain. The proposed algorithm required the input and scheduling signals to be periodic and synchronized. In this paper, we extend the existing approach to handle transient behavior with respect to the input. Because the system is no longer required to be in steady state, non-periodic inputs can now be used as well. We illustrate the extended identification technique on a discrete time SIMO simulation example.
In this paper we apply pole placement techniques to meet the performance objectives of a web server hosted on a private cloud. The web server is modeled as a switched system with models developed for several well defined operating regions using system identification technique. We then obtain the conditions for placement of exact and regional poles in desired locations using full state feedback to guarantee performance and stability. The experiments are performed on the open source Eucalyptus based cloud setup.
This paper deals with a new practical approach to continuous-time parametric identification for dynamic models in Hammerstein form and its application in the context of estimating the dynamics of joint stiffness. The proposed methodology deals the static non-linearities as a linear combination of nonlinear basis functions, while the linear dynamic parts of the system are modeled by a parametric rational transfer function. The proposed identification method is enabled by the algebra of Volterra linear integral operators by a suitable design of kernels admitting finite-dimensional and internally stable state-space realizations. Simulation results show the effectiveness of the proposed continuous-time identification technique.
Automatic script identification from handwritten document images facilitates many important applications such as indexing, sorting and triage. A given Optical Character Recognition (OCR) system is typically trained on only a single script but for documents or collections containing different scripts, there must be some way to automatically identify the script prior to OCR. For Indic script research, some results have been reported in the literature but the task is far from solved. In this paper, we propose a word-level script identification technique for six handwritten Indic scripts- Bangla, Devanagari, Gurumukhi, Malayalam, Oriya Telugu and the Roman script. A set of 82 features has been designed using a combination of elliptical and polygonal approximation techniques. Our approach has been evaluated on a dataset of 7000 handwritten text words, using multiple classifiers. A Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) classifier was found to be the best classifier resulting in 95.35% accuracy. The result is progressive considering the complexities and shape variations of the Indic scripts.
The paper investigates in details some approaches to the stochastic non-linear system identification within a concept utilizing the notion of the consistency of measures of dependence of random values (in the sense of A.N. Kolmogorov). As a result of such an analysis, a consistent identification technique based on the Kimeldorf-Sampson' monotone dependence notion is proposed.
In this work, we Energy Efficient Internet of Things (IoTs) Enable RAM is presented. In order to make it energy efficient, used Gunning Transceiver Logic (GTL) IO Standard and Gunning Transceiver Logic Plus (GTLP). We used the 4 different members of GTL and GTLP IO standards family and searched the most energy efficient among them. We observed that when we use 3.6 GHz operating frequency, there is 90.2% reduction in I/O power when we used GTL instead of GTLP_DCI. We have inserted a 128-bit IP address in RAM to make internet of things enable RAM. Finally, we operated our IOTs Enable RAM with different operating frequency of I3, I5, I7, Moto-E and Moto-X.
Wireless sensor and actuator networks (WSANs) are expected to be come fundamental technologies supporting machine-to-machine (M2M) communication and the internet of things (IoT). However, wireless sensors face inherent limitations because they must provide high demand response (DR) despite severely limited battery power. In an effort to achieve both power-saving characteristics in addition to high DR, we are working on research and development of radio-on-demand sensor and actuator networks (ROD-SANs), in which each node is equipped with a wake-up receiver that allows all nodes to stay in sleep mode most of the time, and transmit only after a wake-up signal is received. Since the wake-up signal can also include channel information, the sender nodes can direct the receiver nodes to switch communication channels when needed. However, as the number of nodes using the same channel increases, packet collisions occur more frequently, thereby degrading response performance. On the other hand, frequent channel switching inevitably increases channel switching delays. To simultaneously reduce both packet collisions and channel switching delays, we have extended the average-channel-utilization-based channel switching (ACS) scheme, discussed in our previous work on single-hop communication in a way that allows it to provide efficient performance in multi-hop communication. In this paper, based on simulations, we show how our scheme can improve the delivery ratio performance by approximately 20%.
The internet of things (IoT) technology has great potential in obtaining, analyzing, processing, controlling and feeding back the information of entity properties (location, status, behavior, characteristic, etc.), which will play an active role in promoting the development of smart grid. In this paper, we apply the IoT technology in the smart grid field. A kind of system architecture of smart grid is built according to the IoT system architecture. The system architecture of smart grid is divided into three layers -- the perception layer, the communication layer and the application layer. The application of IoT technology in every layer of the system architecture of the smart grid is analyzed and discussed in detail. Finally, the application prospect and problems which should be solved are forecast. It is found that the IoT technology will make smart grid more efficient, more intelligent, more secure and more convenient.
Water resource information on-line monitoring is basic and important to water resource management. In this paper, an integrated system based on internet of things (IoT) for water resources monitoring and management is proposed. The system consists of three key layers: equipment perception layer, information transmission layer and data application layer. In equipment perception layer, Sensor network for monitoring water information is constructed. In information transmission layer, real-time information transmission is achieved. In data application layer, water information are stored, managed, applied and shared on internet by users. Application shows that our system can provide real time and reliable water resource information for water resource management.
Mobile platforms have recently been integrated with biometric identification methods such as fingerprint and/or voice recognition. However the rich contextual information carried on these platforms have not been a part of identification. Connected user devices, and mobile applications that run on those devices are prone to security vulnerabilities as a result of unauthorized access. In this paper, we present the Internet of Biometric Things (IoBT) concept that is a cloud-centric biometric identification architecture consisting of connected devices that require bio-metric authentication. The cloud-centric authentication in IoBT couples biometric and context-aware authentication techniques to protect mobile applications from unauthorized access by malicious users. Thus, existing local password and fingerprint based authentication is strengthened by cloud-centric knowledge-based spatiotemporal abstraction to obtain the context such as location, use of cellular data, use of WiFi data, number, timestamp and duration of received/placed calls and SMSs. We present the concept of enabling identification of fraud using cloud-centric context-awareness and local resources-based biometrics on mobile platforms. Furthermore, the benefits of the proposed concept is discussed in detail in comparison to existing authentication and identification techniques that rely on local computing resources on mobile devices.
Electrohydraulic servo system has been widely utilized in various industries. However, robust adaptive control logic is quite necessary for the electrohydraulic servo to be used in wide operation range because of its complex and nonlinear characteristics with time-varying parameters. This study developed a self-turning regulator (STR) as a nonlinear adaptive control logic robust to noise and disturbance. Properties of electrohydraulic valve was analyzed firstly, and its nonlinearity was compensated by an inverse nonlinear model. The entire dynamic model equation was obtained by system identification techniques, namely, online forgetting factor recursive least square (FFRLS) algorithm. Then robustness of adaptive control scheme in this study against noise was also simulated. The results show that robustness to noise of the adaptive control logic works well and STR control algorithm can effectively compensate system nonlinear characteristics.
Automatic person recognition problem draws significant popularity in the last decade in the field of human-robot interaction. This paper introduces a novel approach to identify a person automatically whom the robot has already met, based on its walking pattern as gait is a unique characteristic for every individual. Here, the Kinect sensor is used to record the gait pattern of a person by storing 20 3-D joint coordinates in each time stamps. The features like joint angle and joint length are obtained from each complete walk cycle. Among all these features, most significant features are selected using principal component analysis. Later, these features are fuzzified constructing a Gaussian membership function with the mean and standard deviation of each feature at different gait cycle. An Interval Type-2 membership is constructed with all these membership values for a particular feature in different trials. 10 walking data set of 10 subjects are processed here. Now, when any person out of these 10 persons is walking in front of Kinect, features are calculated. But as more than one feature value for a particular feature (each feature corresponds to each gait cycle in a complete walking task) is obtained, mean of all these values for a particular feature is considered as measurement point. Defuzzification is done using t-norm and average operators. The person corresponding to highest defuzzified value is considered as the unknown person. The classification accuracy is 89.667%. The proposed method is also compared with few existing person identification techniques and the results obtained prove the superiority of the proposed algorithm.
Traffic identification technique is used for classification of different network protocols and applications even with detection of users' network activities. In this paper, we conduct our study on some typical users' network activities and present a traffic identification method to describe the feature about users' behaviors. We convert users' network activities information into different sequences with frame size and inter-arrival time just like HMM model does. Then we use latent dirichlet allocation model to extract potential characterization from these activity sequences. We use some machine learning algorithms to classify different activities in the data, and we suggest a method to evaluate the mixed activities within a sequence. Our research shows that it is possible to distinguish exact users' on-line activities without inspection to packet payloads, and users' privacy may need more protection against traffic analysis.
An article in the website of Intuitive Service Portal has pointed out that two-year-old to three-year-old toddlers are very easy to choke or suffocate while they are sleeping in Taiwan. Instead of side or tummy sleeping posture, babysitters or parents should place toddlers on his back when they are putting them down to sleep. Based on motion-sensing technology and infrared sensor, joint angles (also called inter-segmental angle) can be measured and recorded. In addition to it, Smart Band detects vital sign of toddlers, and the data will be recorded, too. These data are sent to Intelligent Agents (IA) by wireless communication for internet of things (IOT). IA analyzes the recording data and returns back the outcome. Under exceptional conditions, the App will alert babysitters with warning message. Advance safety of sleeping toddlers, the judgment based on IA lets babysitter be acknowledged the physical status of babies through the App. It is convenient for parents who cannot accompany with their toddler and hire babysitter. In the meantime, they have peace of mind for toddler's security with the monitor App. In the future, this technology can also apply in home caretaker.
With the rapid development of the internet of things all over the world, it is very promising to investigate one of main issues, i.e., localization. However, it has also brought a challenge to the privacy, where the source privacy and location privacy are concerned in this paper. We first review some approaches to deal with the source privacy and location privacy, respectively. Then a simple radio frequency identification (RFID) based architecture is proposed in this paper to preserve the privacy of the target object. This architecture can effectively hide the presence of the target object against adversaries. Meanwhile, the location information of the target object can also be preserved by simply transferring the ID information, rather than the location information. Compared with other approaches, it is convenient to implement the proposed architecture to protect the privacy without high computational complexity and additional supplements. Finally, the privacy analysis is presented to demonstrate the performance of the proposed architecture in terms of the source and location privacy preservation.
Huge amounts of spatial documents have been generated every day in IoT (internet of things) applications. Both spatial and textual or other information of complicated structure should be taken into account when providing services. Therefore, it is crucial to store and process these data efficiently in IoT applications. In this paper, we propose a flexible four-layer framework for spatial data towards IoT applications, which decouples the spatial and content information and organizes the whole space with a pyramid structure. The four layers of the framework are geography node, application node, logical node and storage node that are related with the accurate spatial information, content information with rich semantic, flexible space organization and efficient storage with hybrid database respectively. Among them, logical node is the center which associates the other nodes, and provides an efficient query processing method using the pyramid structure. We apply the four-layer framework in the Smarter City Charging Pile System and construct the four kinds of nodes to realize the function that recommends the best matching charging piles for electric vehicle drivers taking both distance and pile state into consideration. The compare discussion shows that our framework has high flexibility, supports rich semantic and is more acceptable in practical IoT applications.
Personalized E-learning topic has attracted the interest of many research studies in recent years. This paper provide a survey of the previous research works done regarding personalized environment. Two main concepts will be discusses including approaches that have been used, learning styles identification techniques and methods involved as well as its learning styles. The approaches consist of collaborative and automatic while methods for automatic learning style detection involved data-drive and literature-based. Finally, from all the previous study that have been discussed, the author aims to introduce a personalized e-learning system based on the concepts of learning styles and particularly the Felder and Silverman Learning Style Model (FSLSM).
This paper presents the method to retarget human motion. The method can evaluate the ability of the preservation of the original characteristics of human motion data. It enables to compute the joint trajectories of the human corresponding with the retargeted ones of the robot at the same time, by utilizing the geometric identification technique. The obtained trajectories of a human are the solution to minimize the cost function about motion reproduction. The proposed method is efficient for such applications that the robot needs to mimic human motion without modifying the detailed features of the original movement of each body segment. The results of the retargeted motions to a humanoid robot are shown.
Internet is an optimal place to human as a producer or a consumer for sharing information until now. In the future, not only the human-generated information but also things will be connected into internet and these will evolve into internet of things(IoT) which can share the information thing-in-itself and its environment. This paper proposes service platform which provides web base IoT services and supports service orchestration and composition with device objectification and describes implementation results of smart home service with things over web of object architecture.
Indian agriculture is diverse;ranging from impoverished farm villages to developed farms utilizing modern agricultural technologies. Facility agriculture area in China is expanding, and is leading the world. However, its ecosystem control technology and system is still immature, with low level of intelligence. Promoting application of modern information technology in agriculture will solve a series of problems facing by farmers. Lack of exact information and communication leadsto the loss in production. Our paper is designed to over come these problems. This regulator provides an intelligent monitoring platform framework and system structure for facility agriculture ecosystem based on IOT[3]. This will be a catalyst for the transition from traditional farming to modern farming. This also provides opportunity for creating new technology and service development in IOT (internet of things) farming application. The Internet Of Things makes everything connected. Over 50 years since independence, India has made immense progress towards food productivity. The Indian population has tripled, but food grain production more than quadrupled[1]: there has thus been a substantial increase in available food grain per ca-pita. Modern agriculture practices have a great promise for the economic development of a nation. So we have brought-in an innovative project for the welfare of farmers and also for the farms. There are no day or night restrictions. This is helpful at any time.
This paper discusses the time series analysis, modelling and prediction of stock price based on the popularly used technique analysis data MACD, RSI, MFI and ATR. The idea is that the stock price dynamics is treated as an unknown stochastic dynamic system to be identified. The stock price is treated as the system output and the technique analysis data such as MACD, RSI, MFI and ATR are treated as the system inputs. By using system identification techniques, the Extended Least Squares (ELS) method is applied to identify the system parameters. The UK Lloyds TSB data are taken as an example to show the performance of the modelling and prediction results.
For the internet of things application development, there are several projects start to use process engine to integrate sensors and actuators. But in extension of BPMN 2.0 for IoT aspect, most of projects just focused on "Activity", "Pool" and "Resource" elements. Due to many situations of IoT are more suitable modeling with "Event" element in business process model. In this paper, we analyzed the requirements of Event extension for IoT with real scenario about temperature controlling, and we proposed our extensions of Event to fulfill these requirements. At last, we modeled the IoT-aware temperature controlling process with extensions and executed it by process engine.
The past decade has witnessed an increasing interest in applying internet and internet of things for problems involved behavioural intervention, and using these technologies to supervise the collection, analysis, and guidance of optimised interventions. In this paper, we presented a web-based multipurpose behaviour intervention investigation solution. This multipurpose behaviour intervention system is designed based on dynamic behaviour pattern modelling and prediction by using artificial neural network. Also, some IoTs projects with concerned big data analyses show an increasing need of mathematic and systematic solutions for investigating the customers' behaviour. The multipurpose behaviour investigation intervention methodology could be applied for simulation and guidance of behaviour intervention with multipurpose, such as healthcare related research, water or energy saving areas.
Stack Overflow is a highly successful Community Question Answering (CQA) service for software developers with more than three millions users and more than ten thousand posts per day. The large volume of questions makes it difficult for users to find questions that they are interested in answering. In this paper, we propose a number of approaches to predict who will answer a new question using the characteristics of the question (i.e. Topic) and users (i.e. Reputation), and the social network of Stack Overflow users (i.e. Interested in the same topic). Specifically, our approach aims to identify a group of users (candidates) who have the potential to answer a new question by using feature-based prediction approach and social network based prediction approach. We develop predictive models to predict whether an identified candidate answers a new question. This prediction helps motivate the knowledge exchanging in the community by routing relevant questions to potential answerers. The evaluation results demonstrate the effectiveness of our predictive models, achieving 44% precision, 59% recall, and 49% F-measure (average across all test sets). In addition, our candidate identification techniques can identify the answerers who actually answer questions up to 12.8% (average across all test sets).
To meet strict dependability requirements in hostile and highly-varying environments, IoT communication protocols need to be carefully tuned in relation to the expected environmental changes. However, this is difficult to attain, as every application has unique properties and requirements. Tuning communication protocols correctly requires indeed significant expertise as well as a clear understanding on how hardware and software components are affected by environmental changes.
The New Zealand IEEE I&M Society held its annual two-day workshop at the University of Auckland, New Zealand, on Nov. 24-25, 2014. The theme was "Instrumentation and Measurement: New Zealand Challenges." The event was very well supported by approximately 90 attendees from universities, industry and research institutes from around New Zealand. Thirty-five of the attendees were students. A total of 46 abstracts were submitted to the workshop;26 of these were invited to present their work in talks, and the other 20 were presented as posters. There was a broad variety of subjects presented in the talks, ranging from fundamental standards in metrology, advances in sensing and measurement techniques, and infrastructural issues around "the internet of things," to applications of measurement systems in health, medicine, science and agriculture.
The ankles and hips play an important role in maintaining standing balance and the coordination between joints adapts with task and conditions, like the disturbance magnitude and type, and changes with age. Assessment of multi-joint coordination requires the application of multiple continuous and independent disturbances and closed loop system identification techniques (CLSIT). This paper presents a novel device, the double inverted pendulum perturbator (DIPP), which can apply disturbing forces at the hip level and between the shoulder blades. In addition to the disturbances, the device can provide force fields to study adaptation of multi-joint coordination. The performance of the DIPP and a novel CLSIT was assessed by identifying a system with known mechanical properties and model simulations. A double inverted pendulum was successfully identified, while force fields were able to keep the pendulum upright. The estimated dynamics were similar as the theoretical derived dynamics. The DIPP has a sufficient bandwidth of 7 Hz to identify multi-joint coordination dynamics. An experiment with human subjects where a stabilizing force field was rendered at the hip (1500 N/m), showed that subjects adapt by lowering their control actions around the ankles. The stiffness from upper and lower segment motion to ankle torque dropped with 30% and 48%, respectively. Our methods allow to study (pathological) changes in multi-joint coordination as well as adaptive capacity to maintain standing balance.
A common practice in induction machine parameter identification techniques is to use external measurements of voltage, current, speed, and/or torque. Using this approach, it has been shown that it is possible to obtain an infinite number of mathematical solutions representing the machine parameters. This paper examines the identifiability of two commonly used induction machine models, namely the T-model (the conventional per phase equivalent circuit) and the inverse Γ-model. A novel approach based on the alternating conditional expectation (ACE) algorithm is employed here for the first time to study the identifiability of the two induction machine models. The results obtained from the proposed ACE algorithm show that the parameters of the commonly employed T-model are unidentifiable, unlike the parameters of the inverse Γ-model which are uniquely identifiable from external measurements. The identifiability analysis results are experimentally verified using the measured operating characteristics of a 1.1-kW three-phase induction machine in conjunction with the Levenberg–Marquardt algorithm, which is developed and applied here for this purpose.
Monitoring critical temperatures in permanent magnet synchronous motors (PMSM) is essential to prevent device failures or excessive motor life-time reduction due to thermal stress. A lumped-parameter thermal network (LPTN) consisting of four nodes is designed to model the most important motor parts, i.e., the stator yoke, stator winding, stator teeth, and the permanent magnets. An empirical approach based on the comprehensive experimental training data and a particle swarm optimization are used to identify the LPTN parameters of a-kW automotive traction PMSM. Varying parameters and physically motivated constraints are taken into account to extend the model scope beyond the training data domain. Here, a so-called global identification technique for linear parameter-varying systems is innovatively applied to a thermal motor model for the first time. The model accuracy is cross-validated with independent load profiles, and a maximum estimation error (worst-case) ofC regarding all considered motor temperatures is achieved. Also, a comprehensive residual statistical analysis proves suitable estimation results in terms of model robustness and accuracy.
Providing reliable services for low-latency (LL) applications within the internet of things (IoT) context is a challenging issue. Several wireless sensor network (WSN) applications require deterministic systems that ensure a reliable and LL aggregation service. The IEEE 802.15.4e standard, which is considered as the backbone of the IoT regarding WSN, has presented the LL deterministic network (LLDN) mode that can fulfill the major requirements of LL applications. Meanwhile, several LL applications, for example in the automotive industry, demand the support of sensor node mobility which in turn affects the network performance. Node mobility triggers several dissociations from the network that will increase latency and degrade node throughput. In this paper, we investigate the impact of node mobility over the LLDN mode while defining key factors that maximize latency and degrade throughput. In addition, an enhanced version of the LLDN mode is presented and evaluated that supports node mobility while maintaining the targeted limits of LL application requirements. The proposed mobility aware LLDN technique manages to reduce the dissociation overhead by a factor of 75%, while the packet delivery ratio has been enhanced by 30%. Furthermore, this paper presents an analytical model that provides a snapshot of the tradeoff process between different metrics in the IEEE 802.15.4e LLDN design, which must be considered prior to network deployment in mobile LL applications.
In the field of systems biology, biological reaction networks are usually modelled by ordinary differential equations. A sub-class, the S-systems representation, is a widely used form of modelling. Existing S-systems identification techniques assume that the system itself is always structurally identifiable. However, due to practical limitations, biological reaction networks are often only partially measured. In addition, the captured data only covers a limited trajectory, therefore data can only be considered as a local snapshot of the system responses with respect to the complete set of state trajectories over the entire state space. Hence the estimated model can only reflect partial system dynamics and may not be unique. To improve the identification quality, the structural and practical identifiablility of S-system are studied. The S-system is shown to be identifiable under a set of assumptions. Then, an application on yeast fermentation pathway was conducted. Two case studies were chosen;where the first case is based on a larger state trajectories and the second case is based on a smaller one. By expanding the dataset which span a relatively larger state space, the uncertainty of the estimated system can be reduced. The results indicated that initial concentration is related to the practical identifiablity.
Spectral unmixing is an important technique for hyperspectral data exploitation. It amounts at finding a set of pure spectral signatures (endmembers) of the most representative materials in the scene, and estimating their abundance fractions. The integration of spatial information prior to spectral unmixing of hyperspectral data has attracted much attention in recent years. Several approaches have been developed for the purpose of guiding endmember identification algorithms to spatially representative, yet spectrally pure endmembers. In particular, the spatial preprocessing (SPP) algorithm can be used prior to most existing spectral-based endmember identification techniques, thus promoting the selection of endmembers in spatially representative areas of the scene. However, most SPP techniques are computationally expensive, which adds significant burden to the spectral unmixing process. In this paper, we present three parallel implementations of SPP that have been specifically developed for commodity graphics processing units (GPUs). We perform an evaluation of these techniques using two GPU architectures from NVidia: GeForce GTX 580 and GeForce GTX 870M, which reveals that real-time processing performance can be obtained for real hyperspectral data sets collected by the airborne visible infra-red imaging spectrometer (AVIRIS).
Presents the introductory editorial for the "Communications Standards" issue for this publication.
We propose the Safe Community Awareness and Alerting Network (SCALE), a cyber-physical system (CPS) leveraging the pervasive Internet of Things (IoT) to extend a smarter, safer home to all residents at a low incremental cost. SCALE uses novel networking technologies, commodity sensor devices, cloud services, and middleware abstractions to sense, analyze, and act on sensed events in a distributed manner. It monitors environmental factors (i.e. smoke, explosive gas) and automatically alerts residents via phone upon discovery of a possible emergency, enabling them to confirm the event and contact emergency dispatchers with minimal effort. This article describes the inception, design, development, and deployment of a prototype system to achieve these goals. We discuss lessons learned and future directions for general CPS/IoT platforms.
Our world is rapidly changing, and swiftly evolving towards so-called “smart worlds”. The smart worlds starting with smart things such as the smart objects, smart city, smart manufacturing, and smart systems, will eventually encompass all aspects of the cyber, physical, social and mental world. A cyber-enabled completely new digital space featured with ubiquitous interconnections, integrations and interactions of physical, social, mental and other spaces will continuously bring out more and more changes. Cyberspace is actually the combinational outcome of various technologies including computers, communications, materials, intelligence and studies in perception, cognition, biology, sociology, etc., as well as advanced computing like the Internet/Web, pervasive networks, ubiquitous sensing and computing, the internet of things, the cloud, big data and so forth. These smart worlds are set to be the next important stage in human history. We have to be aware of the essential problems and crucial issues affecting in building truly smart worlds that benefit humanity, and simultaneously safeguard the natural environment for sustainable development and evolution. Therefore, this is the time to foresee future trends and identify what the grand challenges for smart worlds are. This Special Section in IEEE ACCESS has ten papers, and a brief summary about each paper is presented as follows.
The smart e-bike monitoring system (SEMS) is a platform for the real-time acquisition of usage data from electrically-assisted bikes (also called pedelecs or e-bikes). It is autonomous (runs off the bike battery), replicable (open source and open hardware), scalable (different fleet sizes) and modular (sensors can be added), so it can be used for further research and development. The system monitors location (global positioning system), rider control data (level of assistance) and other custom sensor input in real time. The SEMS data feeds an online interface for data analysis, for riders to view their own data and for sharing on social media. The basic system can be replicated by other researchers and can be extended with modules to explore various issues in e-bike research. The source code and hardware design are publicly available, under the General Public License, for non-commercial use. SEMS was implemented on 30 bikes and collected data during 10 months of real-word trials in the UK. This study details the design and implementation of the hardware and software, discusses the system use and explores features for future design iterations. The SEMS turns singular e-bikes into a networked fleet and is an example of the internet of things in the cycling context.
With the appearance of computer network, could computing, the internet of things, big data more and more get the attention of people. Understanding and Application big data, and make a scientific decision, become the most necessary and urgent problem. Big data, not only let the database have always been known for efficient and secure storage embarrassed, but also allow the data warehouse that provide the convenience for business intelligence and decision-making lose their role. As to the data warehouse that support for global application and decision analysis, the paper from the perspective of technology start, study the data warehouse in big data, the aim is for the big data building data warehouse ready to early.
The internet of things (IoT) refered to as the internet of objects will changes everything, includes ourselves. IoT represents the upcoming revolution in the field of internet it's becomes immensely important. But, the emergence of the IoT is now playing a central role in intensifiying the volume of data that being collected and stored. On another hand, today, IoT hardware manufacturers are introducing an unstructured and no predictive data problem. Also, current architecture presents other problem that the wide-spread geographical distribution. Already, we need an elastic system that enable to adapt and workload changes by provisioning and deprovisioning resources in an automatic maner, and a scalable environment that able to continue to function well as it is changed in size or volume in order to meet a user need. In this paper we presents Cloud plateform solution deployed on openstack. Our solution provides a distributed system that collects and store data from several sensors. Each sensor is connected to a Raspberry Pi. Our system allows also the setting up rules for system operation which determines the technical status of a building or structure in real-time.
The data collection is an important phase in the internet of things (IoT). The efficient way to collect data from the IoT environment is one of the challenges for the future of IoT. In this paper, we first design a data collection system for IoT. This system is based Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) technology to forward the collected data from the data collector to the data gateways and proposes the use of smart phones as data collectors. We also propose a first prototype of this system. This prototype was developed with the help of two well-known open technologies, Arduino (Bluno) and Android. Finally, we evaluate the performances of the proposed system through performing a set of experiments on the developed prototype. The experiments show the feasibility and the applicability of the system especially where distance between the data collector and the data gateway is blow 6 meters. They also demonstrate the energy efficiency of the system.
The idea of smart cities has mainly developed along a technology-centric vision, based on (broadband) communication networks, smart objects and internet of things, (open) public, private, and personal data made available by institutions and citizens, software based services, and so on. The vision of a smart community moves the emphasis towards the people living in the territory and towards the different communities of citizens sharing common goals, interests, and problems.
All of the analysis report pointed out the total connected things will reach 50 billion in 2020. So the internet of things (IoT) is major and big market for semiconductor and IC design. IoT is a big trend and there are many opportunities to create a new product, project and research. I talk about the emerging technology in IoT and wearable device market. One important of challenge is low power. Therefore, the power efficiency is the new battleground in IoT. And then, one of another important is security function. So choose an embedded microprocessor is very important for IoT or wearable device. I give a brief description of Andes CPU and it is suitable in IoT solution. Finally, Andes CPU has successful in IoT and wearable device market, a lot of products were made by IoT companies from Andes CPU licensed and these products will be displayed, especially in mobile and communication applications.
In order to improve efficiency of defending agricultural drought and resolve the problem that kinds of service software are distributed and isolated, we designed and developed a synthetic system that integrated drought monitoring and forecasting and irrigation amount forecasting into a platform based on technology of the internet of things, hybrid programming and parallel computing. This system has three advantages. First, we improved algorithms of drought monitoring and forecasting so that products made by this system have a higher accuracy. Second, we designed a function called one-click-complete that needs only one click and can complete all business through one batch process, which could enhance efficiency for emergency handling. Third, we optimized the feature of high cohesion and low coupling from the view of business information flow and technology architecture, which could ensure stability. Now this system has been applied in most provinces in northern China and shows an excellent prospect for integrated service of drought monitoring and forecasting and irrigation amount forecasting.
Object re-identification techniques are essential to improve the identification performance in video surveillance tasks. The re-identification problem is equal to a multi-view problem that an unknown individual is identified across spatially disjoint data. For the re-identification techniques, several multi-view feature transformation methods have been proposed. These methods are formulated by the supervised learning framework and show the better performances in multi-view classification tasks in which the training data are observed by the different sensors. However, in the reidentification tasks, these methods may not be required because the simple feature transformation method such as linear discriminant analysis (LDA) shows the reasonable identification rates. In this paper, we propose a novel semi supervised feature transformation method, which is formulated as a natural coupling with PCA and LDA modeled by the graph embedding framework. Our method showed best re-identification performances compared with other feature transformation methods.
With WSN technologies becoming more reliable, sophisticated and more capable of meeting the demands of market opportunities and with its broad applications and new emerging trends like: internet of things and integrated web-based services, there still a need for developing protocols to manage and improve coherence and consolidation of the network. Video sensing can be involved in most of the WSN applications like: military, environmental, healthcare, industries and surveillance of all its types, where WMSN came as an important trend of WSN. In this paper an available zigbee-based WSN system model was used, a video source was integrated into it representing a video sensing unit. A network topology of video source node, scalar source node, sink node and a coordinator is presented. The work aims to centralizing control and network management functions at the coordinator removing some loads from other nodes utilizing more resources for data transmission and reception. The results show that QoS supported video transfer can be achieved by the mentioned system under moderate video parameters.
The internet of things (IoT) has been a prevalent research topic in recent years in both academia and industry. The main idea of this framework is the integration of physical objects into a global information network. The vision of the IoT is to integrate and connect anything at any time and any place. For this reason, it is being applied in various areas such as power system monitoring, environment monitoring, network control system, smart health care, military, smart cities management and industry revolution. To achieve the goals, the fifth generation (5G) technology will be the potential infrastructure that will assist the visions of the IoT. This paper proposes a distributed approach for microgrid state estimation. First of all, the modelling of a microgrid is presented. The microgrid state-space model is linearized around the operating point, so that the proposed distributed state estimation using the IoT with 5G networks can be applied. Moreover, we peropose a wireless sensor network based communication network to sense, transmit and estimate the microgrid states. Furthermore, this technical note proposes a novel distributed state estimation method. At the end, the simulation results show that the proposed method can successfully estimate the DER states using the IoT with 5G networks.
The development of identification technique for image retrieval and use, to build a specific development environment and get away, will identify library, combining the mainstream technology of basic theory in the field of this problem is to identify problems, is also a basic problem of image retrieval. The realization and application of image retrieval identification library for building research, is a positive role in promoting.
This paper proposes a new approach to achieve on-line identification of the q-axis inductance and the resistance of the interior permanent magnet synchronous motor (IPMSM) on the basis of the relationship between the mismatch of Lq and the d-axis feedback current. The value of the d-axis feedback current depends on the mismatch of Lq, and the consecutive samplings of the d-axis feedback current make it possible to calculate the true value of Lq. After Lq is identified, R can also be identified by using the same identification system. The proposed identification technique is examined through some computer simulations and experimental tests. No sensitivity to the winding resistance variation is also checked through the tests. The test results demonstrate the fast convergence of the identified value to the true one with a small error.
In this paper the performance of four system identification methods is evaluated for the analysis of different power system configurations. The methods considered are: nonlinear least squares (NLS), Prony method, sub-space state space system identification (N4SID) and the prediction error method (PEM). Artificially created data distorted by noise are used to represent real-world conditions. The analysis verifies the practical value of system identification methods for power system dynamic analysis and also illustrates practical issues and solutions encountered in their application.
This paper presents the use of the system identification method to find the appropriate transfer function of an interconnected power system with an energy storage system (ESS) and to design the robust ESS controller with the identified power system transfer function for robust stability improvement. The gradient search methodology is implemented to obtain an optimal power system transfer function for the ESS controller design. Then, the H-infinite loop shaping control (HLSC) and the phase lead-lag compensator (LLC) techniques are used to design the ESS controllers. The performance comparisons of the controllers by HLSC and LLC are done to illustrate the robustness of the ESS controllers under the inter-area oscillations with different load conditions. The study on the multi-machine power system is performed by DIgSILENT PowerFactory software. The simulation results show that the system identification technique can be applied for the ESS controller design. Furthermore, it is found that the ESS with HLSC can enhance the power system oscillation damping with a superior capability.
It used to be difficult to precisely understand the situation of miners underground according to the existed miner safety management system. To solve this problem, we propose an improved safety management system based on iris identification and RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) technique. It combines several modern identification and communication techniques such as iris identification, RFID, computer networks and database technique. Iris identification technique is used to identify the miners by the physiological characteristics of iris and specific database for every individual is build to record the precise attendance information. Moreover, RFID is used to realize real-time tracking miners underground. Practical results show that the improved miner safety management system is able to count the number of miners underground exactly and on time, providing the reliable and useful information for daily miner management and emergency rescue. The improved system has high quality of reliability, veracity and security.
Integration of heterogeneous objects diverse in technology, environmental constraints and level of trust is a challenging issue. The paper presents a novel trust-based cognitive mechanism making the objects of IoT infrastructure capable to build their situational awareness, and use this knowledge for appropriate reaction to detected threats. We demonstrate, by simulation, the efficiency of the proposed solution, and its robustness to attacks on the reputation system.
With recent advancements of Information and Communication technologies (ICT), Internet of things (IoT) development has just started creating a significant value across people, processes and organizations. There are numbers of applications across energy, transportation and public safety sectors that have linked with economic growth in GDP and therefore, governments are taking serious actions to enhance ICT and IoT penetration across their countries and achieve economies of scale. In future, it can be easily anticipated to meet growing demand, IoT applications scale will reach to millions of sensor devices in a few sq. kilometers area in order to transform traditional cities towards smart cities and accommodate the urbanization pressures. With the growing demand of data hungry devices and deployment of millions of sensors in a certain place will eventually increase size of information and data transmission flow through the sensor devices itself and infrastructure network nodes and then millions of IP addresses will be needed to provide connectivity. Wireless Sensor Networks implementation under internet of things context likely to approach limitations of network bandwidth availability and the cost of IoT infrastructure will be extremely high if dedicated network resources deployed therefore this paper proposed the innovative architecture using Software Defined Networks (SDN) to provide on demand and efficient network resources for low power wireless personal area network (6LowPAN) devices. This proposed architecture model will also strengthen the applications of IoT in either side i.e. control and monitoring.
This paper presents an Internal Model Based (IMC) tuned PI controller for real-time control of a coupled tank liquid level system. The IMC is a model based controller design technique. In present scenario the IMC Controller method is widely used in almost every process control industries as it allows good set point tracking along with sulky disturbance response especially for the process with a small time delay. In the present work the model of the coupled tank system has been developed based on system identification technique that employs least square error algorithm (LS) for parameter estimation. The proposed controller algorithm has been applied on the identified model. The performance of the proposed control algorithm has been compared with that of a Ziegler-Nichols tuned PI controller. From both the simulation as well as the experimental results, it is observed that the performance of the proposed PI control techniques is more efficient than the conventional PI controller which is tuned by Ziegler-Nichols approach.
With the booming trend of internet of things (IoT), reconfigurable devices, such as FPGAs, have drawn lots of attentions due to their flexible and high-performance capability. However, commercial FPGAs suffer from high leakage power consumption, which makes zero-leakage nonvolatile FPGA (nvFPGA) promising. This paper proposes a hardware/ software co-design based nvFPGA with efficient checkpointing strategy. With nonvolatile checkpointing BRAM (CBRAM), it maintains both computation data as well as configuration when power-off to avoid expensive rollbacks due to data loss. A checkpointing location-aware technique is used to balance computation rollback overheads and backup energy. Experimental results show that the proposed checkpointing strategy can reduce 45.8% backup data of nvFPGA when system-level power gating happens.
A process of characterizing an unknown system based on the inputs and outputs is called System Identification (SI). Characteristics of a structural system include its stiffness, mass and damping matrices, eigenvalues and eigenvectors and strain energies etc. Eigensystem Realization Algorithm (ERA) is a very useful system identification technique which employs theory and concept of simple linear algebra and Hankel matrix. The aim of this paper is to implement the Eigensystem Realization Algorithm (ERA) on metal-composite spar under impulse loading. Full finite element model of a metal-composite spar in cantilever position is used for the modal and transient response analysis in MSC. Nastran. Modal analysis is used to get the frequencies and mode shapes while transient response analysis is done under impulse loading to get the displacement response at three nodes by exciting each of the three nodes one by one. These nine displacement response vectors are then fed into the ERA code in Matlab to get the displacement responses, mass and stiffness matrices and eigenvalues of the beam by black box identification technique. These structural identification parameters are then compared with the FEM and good correlation is found. The proposed system identification method perform very well and indicate its great potential within the domain of damage detection and Test-FEM correlation.
Due to the aliasing effect produced by the sampling operation, mechanical resonant modes beyond the Nyquist frequency are difficult to be identified using conventional system identification techniques. In this paper, a parametric approach is proposed to identify these resonances. Identification is performed in a closed-loop multirate sampled-data system, where the input is sampled integer times faster than the output. First, the polynomial transformation technique-based recursive least-squares algorithm with a dead-zone is designed to identify the mixed-rate model. Next, the identified mixed-rate model is used to compute the fast-rate model, from which the resonant modes beyond the Nyquist frequency can be extracted. The proposed approach is evaluated on the head-positioning servo control system of a hard disk drive during the track-seeking mode and the effectiveness is verified by both simulation and experimental results. As compared to analog sensors, the proposed approach can potentially be implemented to identify mechanical resonances to arbitrarily high frequencies by increasing the sampling rate of the digital-to-analog converter.
A fundamental means for understanding the brain's organizational structure is to group its spatially disparate regions into functional subnetworks based on their interactions. Most community detection techniques are designed for generating partitions, but certain brain regions are known to interact with multiple subnetworks. Thus, the brain's underlying subnetworks necessarily overlap. In this paper, we propose a technique for identifying overlapping subnetworks from weighted graphs with statistical control over false node inclusion. Our technique improves upon the replicator dynamics formulation by incorporating a graph augmentation strategy to enable subnetwork overlaps, and a graph incrementation scheme for merging subnetworks that might be falsely split by replicator dynamics due to its stringent mutual similarity criterion in defining subnetworks. To statistically control for inclusion of false nodes into the detected subnetworks, we further present a procedure for integrating stability selection into our subnetwork identification technique. We refer to the resulting technique as stable overlapping replicator dynamics (SORD). Our experiments on synthetic data show significantly higher accuracy in subnetwork identification with SORD than several state-of-the-art techniques. We also demonstrate higher test-retest reliability in multiple network measures on the Human Connectome Project data. Further, we illustrate that SORD enables identification of neuroanatomically-meaningful subnetworks and network hubs.
In this paper, a flicker-free transformer-less multichannel light-emitting diode (LED) driver that adopts a new power factor enhancement technique is presented. The proposed LED driver divides the transmission path of the current to the LED string in two ways depending on the instantaneous input voltage in order to improve the PF relative to that of a conventional compact flicker-free LED driver that uses a fixed LED current regulation scheme with only one electrolytic capacitor. The proposed driver can be implemented with a minimum number of external components leading to a compact module that allows a light bulb with omnidirectional light emission. In order to enhance the expandability of the smart bulb, a conventional buck converter with 3-V output is integrated with the proposed LED driver to supply the peripherals of the module. The proposed LED driver IC is implemented in a 0.35-μm ultrahigh voltage CMOS process and occupies an area of 2.9 mm × 2.0 mm. A 10-W smart bulb prototype that adopts the proposed LED driver is flicker free and shows a power factor of 0.715 and power conversion efficiency of 77.5% for an ac supply of 120 V.
In this paper, binary Hall-effect sensor faults are investigated in rectangular-current-fed brushless dc (BLDC) drives and a very effective methodology for their detection, identification, and compensation is explored. It is shown that these faults cause erroneous commutation, generally leading to unstable operation. Using a fault detection and identification technique proposed by the authors in a recent paper on low-cost field-oriented drives, it is possible to pinpoint the faulty sensors. In this paper, it is demonstrated that the destabilizing effect of these faults on motion-state estimation can be compensated for in any position and speed estimation algorithm, as long as it is properly readapted. To this end, it is shown how to incorporate such fault-compensation in three state-of-the-art estimation algorithms: 1) the zeroth-order algorithm (ZOA);2) the hybrid observer (HO);and 3) the vector-tracking observer (VTO). Comparative experimental tests are performed and it is verified that stable operation is achieved with three, two, or only a single Hall-effect sensor functioning correctly. These results show that the classical BLDC drive with three Hall-effect sensors has an inherent double redundancy to position-sensor faults. With the proposed method, this property can be exploited in systems that require very high reliability, such as in aerospace and automotive applications. Redundancy can be increased, using more than three Hall-effect sensors;reduced using two sensors;or eliminated using a single sensor, in ultra low-cost applications where redundancy is not a requirement.
This column looks at the upcoming special issues for 2016.
The 15 papers in this special issue focus on remote sensing of building interior and can be categorized into: 1) system design and instrumentation; 2) advanced imaging techniques for elimination of glint from large flat wall structures; 3) radar polarimetry; 4) passive microwave radiometry; 5) advanced forward models based on high-frequency methods as well as full-wave solutions based on finite-difference time-domain technique for large-scale problems; and 6) detection and identification techniques of behind the wall stationary and moving concealed and unconcealed targets.
In order to reduce the influence of noise in internet of things based on electric power line, an algorithm of improved robust independent component analysis (robustICA) in blind source signal processing was used. The receiver of communication adopts multiplex signals. The correlation of multiple signals was reduced by pre-whitening matrix. Multiple signals were separated by separation matrix estimated by Based on the relaxation factor of robust independent component analysis algorithm. In the end, the data signal was found by the decision threshold. The experiment of simulation of power line channel noise shows that the algorithm can remove noise effectively, SNR get up 2–3 times and the optimized algorithms improve the convergence.
The accuracy of control system is determined by the veracity of control law design of fixed-wing UAV, and the control law synthesis requires the aerodynamic parameter, that means the accuracy of aerodynamic parameter is of great importance to the control system. In fact, an important part of building mathematical models based on measured data is calculating the accuracy associated with statistical estimates of the model parameters. This case use flight tests and system identification techniques to determinate accurate parameter with economical operation, and we can obtain sufficient information to estimate parameters through the operation. The scatter in the parameter estimates from real flight test data and the Cramér-Rao bounds corrected with colored residuals are applied to determinate the accuracy of aerodynamic parameter.
The proliferation of smart devices and portable, wireless, wearable technology has exploded in the last decade. With the advent of social media and the internet of things, these devices have now intertwined themselves with consumers on a daily basis such that people are connected more with their device than ever before. With the simultaneous miniaturization of these devices, consumers are more apt to subject them to unintended water perils. Methods and apparatuses are described herein to remove water completely from electronic devices in a fast yet convenient manner.
An `edge-based' image processing architecture for the internet of things (IoT) is devised, drawing on the existing image processing pipelines that are implemented in today's imaging modules in digital cameras and smartphones. A key element of this IoT framework is that image or video data does not have to be streamed across the network, but can be largely processed on the sensing nodes with metadata transmitted to intermediate control nodes that can detect certain events/conditions and trigger corresponding actions.
A massive growth of collaborative frameworks, where web services, internet of things, mobile applications and digitization of enterprise processes leads to generate massively heterogeneous data termed as Big Data. Handling the heterogeneity of such data by a distributed file management system based database such as H-Base having limitation to handle only structured form of the data. This paper introduces an efficient algorithm for managing data heterogeneity in three basic types i.e. 1) centralized structured data to distributed structured data, 2) unstructured to a structured format and 3) semi-structured to a structured format. The performance of proposed method is evaluated in a real-time prototype experiment and in future we planned to compare to work on a data transform method in the specific context of health care data addressing performance metrics such as memory consumption and request per write. The experimental outcomes of the proposed system show how the processing time is reduced even when we process data of large size, thereby showing the effectiveness of presented approach.
Living beings inherently have the ability to differentiate languages as a part of human intelligence. Language Identification (LID) had been a science fiction in 1970's but today;it has been deployed in practical usage. The prosodic features of a speech are relatively simpler in their structure and are accredited to be very affective in some Language Recognition (LR) or LID tasks;irrespective of these features to be biased on numerous factors, as speaker's way of speaking, the culture and background of speaker. As because prosodic features is regardless very important, researchers against their heavy work have proven many methods for its normalization, making the feature inventory very large. In this book, we have used the maximum likelihood detector for the GMM-UBM based language model to analyze and identify various prosodic attributes in the LID tasks The entire wok includes a series of experiments on several speech corpus and different classification or/and identification technique. In an overview, we may assert that the book explores various experimental datasets, for, performance analysis of LID system with News speech and Natural Conversation speech and Joint Factor Analysis for LR on prosodic featured models.
A challenge of current research concerning eye motion estimation is to estimate motion of a three-dimensional (3D) eye model from a two-dimensional (2D) eye image. This paper proposed a new method to estimate rotation angle of 3D eye model from a 2D eye image by angular orientation identification technique. Real eye movement is captured from a camera mounting on a side of a binocular. A camera focuses on an eye. This method consists of three steps: 1) pupil extraction from a 2D image, 2) ellipse fitting technique, and 3) angular orientation identification. First, 3D eye model orients related real 2D eye image movement. Pupil is extracted to measure its shape in second step. Second, ellipse fitting technique is used to construct complete shape of pupil. Lengths of major and minor axis are computed from ellipse shape. Finally, angular orientation of 3D eye is estimated from major and minor axis length. Rotation angle is defined from lookup table of lengths of ellipse axis and rotation angle. To evaluate the estimation model, computational result will be compared with manual measurement. Rotation angle is varied from -50 degrees to +50 degrees in yaw and roll axis with step of three degrees. Precision of the mathematical model to simulate 3D eye model orientation in roll and yaw direction are 99.53% and 99.29%, respectively. The advantage of this method over other methods is that eye motion in 3D space can be estimated from only one camera.
Drag characteristics of a high performance fighter aircraft are identified by applying suitable mathematical models and parameter estimation techniques to a combination of dynamic maneuvers. For accurate drag characterization, flight maneuvers were performed at close to idle thrust. Raw flight test data was subjected to flight path reconstruction to ensure consistent and error free data signals. The estimated results were used to validate the wind tunnel predictions and to study the effect of stores and leading edge slats on aircraft drag. Of particular interest was the evaluation of drag at supersonic speeds where pilots experienced diminished aircraft performance.
Current availability of interactive technologies infrastructure such as internet bandwidth, increased processing power and connectivity through mobile devices at affordable costs have led to new concepts related to human living. Smart cities, smart life and internet of things etc. are few such evolving research domains. A prominent concept among these is `Smart Home', which involves automation and interactive technologies. This paper proposes a multi-functional `Smart Home Automation System' (SHAS), where users can use voice-commands to control their home-appliances and gadgets, for different functionalities and purposes. The proposed system can be adapted to a user's voice and recognise the voice-commands, independent of the speaker's personal characteristics such as accent. The system is aimed to be cost-effective, flexible and robust. The voice command recognition is achieved using a dedicated hardware module and an Arduino micro-controller board for commands processing and control. Performance evaluation is carried out by developing a multi-functional miniature prototype of the SHAS. Results of the experiments conducted are quite promising. The prototype SHAS can be used for converting existing homes into smart homes at relatively low cost and with convenience.
By analyzing current situation of digital construction and network development in Wuhan University of Technology, and combined with the construction situation of domestic institutions, smart campus is to be built by adopting internet of things, cloud computing & virtualization technology based on existing network. Firstly, this paper will present the planning and design of smart campus construction. And then two most important parts of smart campus will be demonstrated, namely, there are IOT systems based on ubiquitous network and construction of data center based on cloud computing.
What will be the next computing paradigm as the ubiquitous computing wave crests: autonomobiles, robots, virtual reality, internet of things, intelligent agents? While pundits search for the next big thing among a dizzying array of shiny ideas, the truth is that pervasive technologies have reached critical mass that we no longer need to ask "what if" and we can shift our attention to "what when". One picture of that future is a recasting of how we think about designing digital experiences ??? rather than systems that react to user direction, we can design systems that respond dynamically to the users' attention, engagement and context: Responsive Media. The same machine learning technologies that have made speech and image recognition surprisingly accurate are also enhancing our devices' abilities to sense user activities, emotions and intentions and to deliver services and information proactively. Media experiences will be dramatically changed by the next generation of these technologies embedded into smartphones and VR goggles and robots and smart homes and autonomobiles so that they not only sense the audience's engagement in real time, but they can also predict disengagement and prevent it by dynamically shifting the content to appeal to an individual's preferences, emotion state and situation. More than just media experiences, imagine robots that can sense a child's frustration and actively assist in the homework, digital assistants that do not interrupt inappropriately, semi-autonomobiles that ensure the media is not disrupting the driver's attention demands, and more. Responsive media will be more like an engaging conversation among humans, rather than just passive consumption. What are the requirements for a conversational interaction? This talk will paint a picture and challenge the audience to identify the remaining technology barriers, architectures, business ecosystems, threats, and yes, the killer applications. I seek your input as we create the - uture beyond ubiquitous computing.
We propose a new memory hierarchy for energy conscious internet of things (IoT) integrated circuits. In this scheme a new type of SRAM cell ??? hybrid of SRAM/DRAM or SRAM/NVM memory ??? that is capable of storing multiple bits are used to bring caching to the bit level, near processor cores. This new scheme is expected to have energy efficiency advantage over traditional memory hierarchy for multi-context computation, especially suitable for many IoT applications.
Physical-layer identification utilizes unique features of wireless devices as their fingerprints, providing authenticity and security guarantee. Prior physical-layer identification techniques on radio frequency identification (RFID) tags require nongeneric equipments and are not fully compatible with existing standards. In this paper, we propose a novel physical-layer identification system, GenePrint, for UHF passive tags. The GenePrint prototype system is implemented by a commercial reader, a USRP-based monitor, and off-the-shelf UHF passive tags. Our solution is generic and completely compatible with the existing standard, EPCglobal C1G2 specification. GenePrint leverages the internal similarity among pulses of tags' RN16 preamble signals to extract a hardware feature as the fingerprint. We conduct extensive experiments on over 10000 RN16 preamble signals from 150 off-the-shelf RFID tags. The results show that GenePrint achieves a high identification accuracy of 99.68%. The feature extraction of GenePrint is resilient to various malicious attacks, such as the feature replay attack.
This paper presents a novel automotive engine management system (EMS) calibration methodology for rapid dynamometer test-bed data collection and mapping I.C. engine controllers with significant dynamic and transient performance requirements. This paper applies the methodology to an industrial state of the art WAVE-RT1 model of a 1.5 L Turbo EU6.1 Diesel engine acting as a virtual dynamometer based engine. The approach directly yields a feedforward controller in a nonlinear polynomial structure that can be either directly implemented in the EMS or converted into a dynamic or static lookup table format. The methodology is based on multistage black-box modeling and dynamic system optimization. The process can exploit the power of global constrained numerical optimization codes and use system identification techniques with dynamic design of experiments. The objective of the engine controller optimization is to improve the fuel economy while maintaining specified (legislated) limits on emissions and map smoothness for driveability. The key contribution is a novel approach to obtaining a feedforward dynamic calibration controller from the system identification of the computed optimal behavior. Model structure selection techniques are shown to be usefully employed to further improve the accuracy of the system identification and so enhance the control performance of the dynamic controllers. The results indicate that the dynamic calibration methodology leads to a considerably reduced requirement for testing time and an improvement of between 1.9% and 2.6% in fuel economy over extra urban driving cycle without violating the emission constraints compared with current steady-state model-based calibration methods.1;Ricardo PLC.
Our world is rapidly changing, and swiftly evolving towards so-called “smart worlds”. The smart worlds starting with smart things such as the smart objects, smart city, smart manufacturing, and smart systems, will eventually encompass all aspects of the cyber, physical, social and mental world. A cyber-enabled completely new digital space featured with ubiquitous interconnections, integrations and interactions of physical, social, mental and other spaces will continuously bring out more and more changes. Cyberspace is actually the combinational outcome of various technologies including computers, communications, materials, intelligence and studies in perception, cognition, biology, sociology, etc., as well as advanced computing like the Internet/Web, pervasive networks, ubiquitous sensing and computing, the internet of things, the cloud, big data and so forth. These smart worlds are set to be the next important stage in human history. We have to be aware of the essential problems and crucial issues affecting in building truly smart worlds that benefit humanity, and simultaneously safeguard the natural environment for sustainable development and evolution. Therefore, this is the time to foresee future trends and identify what the grand challenges for smart worlds are. This Special Section in IEEE ACCESS has ten papers, and a brief summary about each paper is presented as follows.
In view of evolving the Internet infrastructure, ICN is promoting a communication model that is fundamentally different from the traditional IP address-centric model. The ICN approach consists of the retrieval of content by (unique) names, regardless of origin server location (i.e., IP address), application, and distribution channel, thus enabling in-network caching/replication and content-based security. The expected benefits in terms of improved data dissemination efficiency and robustness in challenging communication scenarios indicate the high potential of ICN as an innovative networking paradigm in the IoT domain. IoT is a challenging environment, mainly due to the high number of heterogeneous and potentially constrained networked devices, and unique and heavy traffic patterns. The application of ICN principles in such a context opens new opportunities, while requiring careful design choices. This article critically discusses potential ways toward this goal by surveying the current literature after presenting several possible motivations for the introduction of ICN in the context of IoT. Major challenges and opportunities are also highlighted, serving as guidelines for progress beyond the state of the art in this timely and increasingly relevant topic.
The Internet of Things (IoT) has emerged as a new paradigm for the future Internet. In IoT, devices are connected to the Internet and thus are a huge data source for numerous applications. In this article, we focus on addressing data management in IoT through using a smart data pricing (SDP) approach. With SDP, data can be managed flexibly and efficiently through intelligent and adaptive incentive mechanisms. Moreover, data is a major source of revenue for providers and partners. We propose a new pricing scheme for IoT service providers to determine the sensing data buying price and IoT service subscription fee offered to sensor owners and service users, respectively. Additionally, we adopt the bundling strategy that allows multiple providers to form a coalition and offer their services as a bundle, attracting more users and achieving higher revenue. Finally, we outline some important open research issues for SDP and IoT.
A structure of a compact ultra-wideband monopole antenna has been presented. The antenna consists of a microstrip-fed rectangle radiator as well as a ground plane with a rectangle slit and an L-shaped stub. The critical factor in achieving a small size is a careful design procedure involving numerical optimisation of all geometry parameters of the antenna aiming at explicit size reduction while maintaining acceptable electrical performance. The final design exhibits dimensions of only 9.45 × 18.5 mm and a footprint of 175 mm2. Experimental validation and comparisons with competitive designs are also provided.
Presents the President's message for this issue of the publication.
This paper proposes a control-oriented identification toolbox with a set of real-time interactive computer-aided experiments to analysis parametric system identification techniques and adaptive control concepts. The proposed experiments are highlighted through a user-friendly graphical user interface (GUI) which is developed in Matlab/Simulink? environment. The identification and control methods considered here include;process reaction curve method, off-line and on-line parameter identification and model reference adaptive control technique (MRAC);this aspect of the paper makes it a beneficial guide to a large number of readers.
The crowdsourcing and internet of things (IoT) have played a significant role in revolutionizing the information age. There is significant literature which has attempted to investigate the role of crowdsourcing and IoT in improving disaster response. However there is hardly any literature which attempted to reflect upon integration of crowdsourcing and IoT to explain better coordination among disaster relief workers to improve disaster response. In response to pressing need, we have attempted to develop a theoretical framework which can help disaster relief workers to improve their coordination using valuable information derived using comprehensive crowdsourcing framework. In this study we have used two-prong research strategies. First we have conducted extensive review of articles published in reputable journals, magazines and blogs by eminent practitioners and policy makers followed by case studies: stampede in Godavari River at Rajahmundry (2015), earthquake in Nepal (2015), flood in Uttarakhand (2013). Finally we have concluded our research findings with further research directions.
Using internet of things (IoT) to connect things, service, and people for intelligent operations has been discussed and deployed in many industry domains such as smart city, smart energy, healthcare, food and water tracking, logistics and retail, and transportation. However, scarce information is available for IoT usage in industrial automation domain for reliable and collaborative automation with respect to e.g., enabling scalable collaboration between heterogeneous devices and systems, offering predictable and fault-tolerant real-time closed-loop control, and inclusion of intelligent service features from edge devices to the cloud. In this paper, we will clarify the specific quality attribute constraints within industrial automation, present specific industrial IoT challenges due to these constraints, and discuss the potentials of utilizing some technical solutions to cope with these challenges.
In this paper, several state-of-the-art nonlinear identification methods are compared on a benchmark pH neutralization process. Methods based on orthonormal bases for block-oriented nonlinear models, as well as methods based on support vector regression techniques are considered. The advantages and drawbacks of the different methods, and the properties of the estimated models are analyzed.
This paper presents designing of wireless local area network (WLAN) modem for video streaming in internet of things (IoT). Many concepts based on video streaming are introduced recently, and these systems need communication modem supporting high throughput for transmission of high quality of video. In this paper, WLAN modem using 2×2 multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) technique is designed. The proposed WLAN modem can support max 270 Mbps.
In the last decades, LPV control has emerged as a systematic approach to design gain-scheduled controllers. This development has led to the emergence of LPV identification techniques. The aim of this paper is to present a new approach that enables fast and accurate identification of nonparametric frequency response functions of LPV systems. Main applications of the proposed approach include pre-testing for global LPV modeling and the use of nonparametric models as a basis for local LPV modeling. The proposed method extents recent developments of local parametric modeling techniques to a 2D situation. Pre-existing LPM/LRM methods are recovered as a special case. The advantages of the proposed approach are illustrated on a simulation model.
Internet of Things (IoT) is considered to be a technological trend that is likely to have a far reaching impact on every one's lives in many distinct ways. IoTs changs the internet from internet for people to internet of things. Enabling of IoT is accomplished through efforts by hardware and network industry and the enormous amount of data generated through IoTs impacts Big Data and data mining fields. With its wide ranging applications in Healthcare, Home automation, Industrial Control and environmental and social domains, IoTs can have wide ranging expectations. Major roadblocks to the deployment and prevalent use of IoTs are power and privacy-security vulnerabilities. IoTs have conflicting requirements and choosing appropriate tradeoffs based on the situation will lead to its increased use. Though varying projections have large investment in IoTs, there is also increased skepticism due to privacy and security concerns. This tutorial will introduce IoTs, specifications, opportunities for SoC designers and their integration into diverse applications. Possible solutions will be discussed in dealing with power and security aspects as well.
This paper discusses the criteria a new device has to meet in order to surpass the capabilities of MOSFET in realizing internet-of-things circuits. The main challenge in the latter circuits is to maintain sufficient (10-100 MHz) speed performance while minimizing both static and dynamic energy consumption. The main criteria in terms of supply voltage and current capability are discussed. Next additional features of classic CMOS devices that should be preserved are described.
There are various methods of automatic identification techniques. But among these methods Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) has become an excellent and reliable method for electronic identification, data capture, control, track, and inventory items using RF communication. Today RFID is having a very broad use but most of the time such systems are invisible or are not recognized by the users. RFID is replacing bar-code-based identification mechanisms, as communication between a reader and a tag( which form the RFID) is not limited by the requirement of “Line of sight” reading and each tag has a unique ID. RFID technology can be utilized to effectively optimize multiple business processes through the improvement, the automation or even the elimination of existing processes, and the emergence of new processes called intelligent processes or smart processes, which are automatically triggering actions or events. In the present work several RFID based systems have been designed and simulated. The first one is an automatic Home/Office network controller and the second one is an automatic weight monitoring system and so on. The energy consumption can be significantly reduced by designing a Home/Office network controller which detects non-operational electronic systems in a room (Light/Air conditioner) during a particular span of time and automatically turns off these systems thereby conserving energy. In the weight controlling mechanism the RFID based control unit automatically prevents overloading as well as under loading of vehicles in loading stations. Other applications have been described in a brief manner.
This work presents an offline standstill identification technique, where the synchronous machine is locked at an arbitrary (but known) angle, and a test is conducted over a short period of time. In contrast to the well-known standard Standstill Frequency Response (SSFR) technique, which could take more than 6 hours to conduct, the method proposed here collects all the required data in few seconds. This technique is based on nonlinear least squares estimation and algebraic elimination theory. The resulting algorithm is non-iterative where the data is used to construct polynomials that are solved for a finite number of roots which determine the electrical parameter values. Experimental results are presented showing the efficacy of the technique in furnishing the parameters of a salient pole synchronous machine.
This paper introduces a fast parameter identification technique for a two-order d-q model of a synchronous generator from Standstill Frequency Response (SSFR) tests. This identification method is based on a modified SSFR test and the curves of the no-load and sustained short-circuit tests. This allows the lowest SSFR frequency to be 0.01Hz instead of 0.001Hz. The phase and field resistances are measured from fast and precise DC tests during the SSFR test. In this work, the value of the unsaturated synchronous inductance is defined from the no-load air gap linearization and the short-circuit saturation curve. This definition fits better when the saturation is considered and we present how to implement this approach with the Matlab-Simulink SimPowerSystem standard d-q models. Validations are made using sudden short-circuit tests at nominal field current to evaluate d-q model performances with magnetic saturation.
This paper presents a fractional identification technique for rotor skin effects in asynchronous machines Squirrel Cage. Therefore, to give a well comprehension to this identification technique, this paper presents first the diffusive phenomena in the rotor bars and the method for modelling the induction machine: modal approach. Next, the method allowing the estimation of the Park model of induction machine with fractional impedance.
This paper presents an Internal Model Based (IMC) tuned PI controller for real-time control of a coupled tank liquid level system. The IMC is a model based controller design technique. In present scenario the IMC Controller method is widely used in almost every process control industries as it allows good set point tracking along with sulky disturbance response especially for the process with a small time delay. In the present work the model of the coupled tank system has been developed based on system identification technique that employs least square error algorithm (LS) for parameter estimation. The proposed controller algorithm has been applied on the identified model. The performance of the proposed control algorithm has been compared with that of a Ziegler-Nichols tuned PI controller. From both the simulation as well as the experimental results, it is observed that the performance of the proposed PI control techniques is more efficient than the conventional PI controller which is tuned by Ziegler-Nichols approach.
Keystroke dynamic is one of the behavioral biometric identification techniques which distinguish users through their unique typing style. This paper presents two techniques to measure the distance metric between two samples of the same user. Two methods are used to implement the normalized distance between two samples of the same user;first method uses JavaScript for measuring the feature extraction between the user keystroke then uses the hardware for sorting and implementation the normalized distance using Xilinx Spartan-3E-XC3S1600E on a FPGA with VHDL by Xilinx tool ISE Web Pack 9.2i. Second method uses the JavaScript to capture the feature extraction timing information then sorting them ascending according to times then uses the hardware to calculate only the normalized distance. Comparison between two methods is discussed to choose the better method regarding the area data, time, and PAR report.
Robustness is an important and challenging issue in internet of things (IoT), where contains multiple types of heterogeneous networks. To solve this problem, we design and realize a greedy model with small world properties (GMSW) for heterogeneous sensor network of IoT. In GMSW, two greedy criteria are presented firstly, which are used to distinguish importance of different network nodes. On the basis, we define the concept of local importance of node and design a shortcut-added strategy, by which way prompts the network present small world phenomenon. The endpoints of these shortcuts are super sensor nodes with more powerful hardware. Simulation results show that GMSW can quickly present and maintain small word characteristics in the case of adding a few of shortcuts. Besides, it has good performance of network latency no matter suffering a random or specific failure.
A quadruped walking robot with the large payload capability is developed for the rescue purpose. To enhance the payload capability, the leg is designed by using the parallel mechanism. To simplify the actuation system, the actuators are selected as electric motors. Foot force is very important for the gait planning and stability control. Traditional foot force sensors are often easy to corrupt due to the strong impact from the ground. In this study, the indirect foot force sensing method is proposed, where the foot force is estimated from the motor current based on the dynamics model. To improve the accuracy of the dynamics model, an improved dynamics model is established to compensate unknown parameters and frictions by using the system identification technique. Because additional foot force or joint torque sensors are not required, the size and weight of the robot do not increase. The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified by the experiments.
It is a crucial issue for a network administrator to quickly and accurately acquire up-to-data network topology information for installing new devices, changing existing routes, and fixing communication failures. In this paper, we propose a network topology visualization system based on mobile AR (Augmented Reality) for assisting the administrator in real working environments. A focus to effectively support him/her is to provide a way for automatically identifying a specific network device he/she is working on and present its latest topology information without interrupting his/her administration tasks. The proposed device identification method estimates the administrator's physical location using the signal strength of wireless APs (access points) receivable at the location and makes a guess for candidate target devices such as a group of routers and switches. Next, it narrows down to a specific device among the candidates using a vision-based object identification technique. Then, the system graphically visualizes the network topology information of the identified device through an HMD (Head Mounted Display) device worn by the administrator. The system supports not only senior administrators to efficiently performing complex management tasks, but also juniors and trainees to acquire practical knowledge and skills on network administration.
With the booming trend of internet of things (IoT), reconfigurable devices, such as FPGAs, have drawn lots of attentions due to their flexible and high-performance capability. However, commercial FPGAs suffer from high leakage power consumption, which makes zero-leakage nonvolatile FPGA (nvFPGA) promising. This paper proposes a hardware/ software co-design based nvFPGA with efficient checkpointing strategy. With nonvolatile checkpointing BRAM (CBRAM), it maintains both computation data as well as configuration when power-off to avoid expensive rollbacks due to data loss. A checkpointing location-aware technique is used to balance computation rollback overheads and backup energy. Experimental results show that the proposed checkpointing strategy can reduce 45.8% backup data of nvFPGA when system-level power gating happens.
A process of characterizing an unknown system based on the inputs and outputs is called System Identification (SI). Characteristics of a structural system include its stiffness, mass and damping matrices, eigenvalues and eigenvectors and strain energies etc. Eigensystem Realization Algorithm (ERA) is a very useful system identification technique which employs theory and concept of simple linear algebra and Hankel matrix. The aim of this paper is to implement the Eigensystem Realization Algorithm (ERA) on metal-composite spar under impulse loading. Full finite element model of a metal-composite spar in cantilever position is used for the modal and transient response analysis in MSC. Nastran. Modal analysis is used to get the frequencies and mode shapes while transient response analysis is done under impulse loading to get the displacement response at three nodes by exciting each of the three nodes one by one. These nine displacement response vectors are then fed into the ERA code in Matlab to get the displacement responses, mass and stiffness matrices and eigenvalues of the beam by black box identification technique. These structural identification parameters are then compared with the FEM and good correlation is found. The proposed system identification method perform very well and indicate its great potential within the domain of damage detection and Test-FEM correlation.
This paper examines the current issues pertaining to the hardware security and how they could affect the overall security of applications such as the internet of things. Specifically, we review the ongoing industry-led activities aimed at mitigating the hardware threats through supply chain assurance. The impact of emerging technologies on hardware-based needs, and the need for technical standards are discussed from brand owners' perspectives. The paper is illustrated with the ongoing work of the International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors (ITRS) Emerging Research Devices (ERD) hardware security working group, the counterfeit risk mitigation efforts from iNEMI, and the High-Density Package User Group (HDPUG), as well as published standards from SEMI and the Open Group. All these efforts are aimed at mitigating counterfeits in the electronics supply chain through product traceability and authentication. Finally, we will discuss how existing and emerging technologies can be used for product authentication throughout the supply chain.
One kind of acid rain measuring method for large ancient sites in the field based on internet of things technology is researched and realized. The working principle of pH value detection is analyzed [1] and pH-value sensor conditioning circuits are constructed. Automatic temperature compensation of pH-value sensor and conditioning circuit are conducted using AVR control panel carrying a temperature sensor, which guarantees the precision of acid rain detection in severe environment. Measuring results are uploaded into data management center by wireless route, thus realizing the display and storage of data. The change trend of acid rain in the monitored area can be predicted according to historical data via data management platform designed by LabVIEW. Experimental results show that the output data of sensor are reliable and stable. The data management platform has a friendly graphical user interface, precise predictability, cheap cost and extensible function.
The Big Data computing is one of hot spots of the internet of things and cloud computing. How to compute efficiently on the Big Data is the key of improving performance. By means of distributed computing or memory computing, many companies and institutions provide some technologies and produces. But they are invalid in the scene in which there are real-time demands in the low-configure cluster. To deal with the problem, this paper provides a distributed computing and memory computing-based effective solution (Objectification Parallel Computing, OPC). In the solution, the data can be formatted into object. Then the objects are distributed stored in the computer memories and parallel compute to complete tasks. The OPC is applied to the Electric Asset Quality Supervision Manage System (EAQSMS) of State Grid of China, the result shows that with PCs the system is efficiently available, reliable, and flexible expansible.
The use of a digital architecture in PWM controllers for point-of-load (POL) applications, together with system identification techniques, allows the development of fully automated routines for in-situ system performance optimization where controller parameters are specifically tailored to the application. In this context, this paper proposes a method for performing parametric system identification of digitally controlled power converters using a conventional analog frequency response analyzer (FRA). Nonlinearities intrinsic to the digital loop are taken into account, thus leading to accurate estimation of converter parameters. The proposed method has been verified on a digitally controlled POL with Vin=12V, Vout=1.2V, Iout=10A and fsw=400kHz for various bulk capacitor scenarios.
Ultracapacitors (UCs) are the significant component of the energy storage systems (ESS) in the electric traction applications. In the field of electric transportation the UCs need to be modeled dynamically in order to capture real-time characteristics. The model should provide precise estimation of UC responses to various charge/discharge conditions and also predict the behavior of UCs under varied load conditions. In order to incorporate the model for testing purposes in various power electronics/drive simulation toolboxes, it is very important for the model to be accurate. This paper aims at the experimental validation of an accurate parameter identification procedure for an UC model using random charging/discharging current pulses of different magnitudes. The UC model can estimate the output voltage without the extraction of the model's branch parameters. The critical parameters have been estimated dynamically from characteristic equations. The estimation technique for an equivalent RC branch model is simulated and the output voltage response, controlled between Vmin (0V) and Vrated (2.7V) of a single UC cell, has been presented. Finally, the simulation results obtained from the identification technique are validated against the actual charging results obtained from applying charging pulses to a 1200F UC.
Internet of Things (IoT) is a network composed of a variety of heterogeneous things and objects such as Connected Wearable Devices (sensors, MEMS, microrobots, PDA, ), Connected Cars, Connected Homes, Connected Cities, and the Industrial Internet. These things use generally wireless communication to interact and cooperate with each other to reach common services and goals. IoT (T, n) is a wireless network of things composed of T things with n items (information) distributed on it. The aim of the permutation routing is to route to each thing, its items, so it can accomplish its task. In this paper, we present an agent-based broadcast protocol for mobile Internet of Things that uses few communication channels. The main idea is to partition things into groups according to the number of channels. In each group, an agent manages a set of things. This new protocol performs efficiently with respect to the number of broadcast rounds and runs without conflict and collision on the communication channels. We give an estimation of the upper and the lower bounds of the number of broadcast rounds in the worst case. This paper is the first to present efficient broadcast protocol for the internet of things.
Internet of things (IOT) not only push radio nodes to sense and hear wireless medium, it also does provide opportunity to learn and adapt to radio neighborhood. As number of IOT nodes cherish, spectrum scarcity and interference management becomes non-trivial. As 802.11 radios are vital frontrunners to realize IOT technology, 802.11 channel access algorithms at MAC layer in IOT nodes play a vital role to attain maximum achievable throughput by managing spectrum and interference. Contention based, binary exponential back off CSMA/CA is default channel access mechanism for most 802.11 IOT radios for sake of its simplicity and applicability in both ad-hoc and infrastructure modes. Even though contention free and polling based point coordinated function (PCF) is illustrated in IEEE 802.11 standards, it to be implemented along with distributed coordinated function (DCF), for adding new nodes to same channel. Time division multiple access (TDMA) based medium access layers(MAC) also implements RANDOM ACCESS PHASE to add new radios to channel. DCF, PCF and TDMA fall flat in managing interference in same channel. In this paper a novel interference and spectrum aware channel access mechanism for 802.11 infrastructure and adhoc network, is proposed based on perceived RSSI, RCPI and SNR metrics by generating signal-strength-snr graph to combat interference. Proposed method also uses concept of adaptive channelization to address effective spectrum management. Mentioned channel access algorithm allow multiple parallel wireless conversations possible in same channel.
Software language identification techniques are applicable to many situations from universal IDE support to legacy code analysis. Most widely used heuristics are based on software artefact metadata such as file extensions or on grammar-based text analysis such as keyword search. In this paper we propose to use statistical language models from the natural language processing field such as n-grams, skip-grams, multinominal na??ve Bayes and normalised compression distance. Our preliminary experiments show that some of these models used as classifiers can achieve high precision and recall and can be used to properly identify language families, languages and even deal with embedded code fragments.
In this paper, we analyze the performance of a continuous user authentication and identification system for a PC under various analysis techniques. We applied a novel identification technique called Pairwise User Coupling (PUC) on our own dataset for the analysis. This dataset is a combination of keystroke and mouse usage behaviour data. We obtained an identification accuracy of 62.2% for a closed-set experiment, where the system needs on average of 471 actions to detect an impostor. In case of an open-set experiment the Detection and Identification Rate (DIR) of 58.9% was obtained, where the system needs on average of 333 actions to detect an impostor.
In real security scenarios, gait data may be highly distorted due to perspective effects and there may be significant change in appearance, orientation and occlusion between different measurements. To deal with this problem, a new identification technique is proposed by reconstructing 3D models of the walking subject, which are then used to identify subject images from an arbitrary camera. 3D models in one gait cycle are aligned to match silhouettes in a 2D gait cycle by estimating the positions of a 3D and 2D gait cycles in a 3D space. This allows the gait data in a gallery and probe share the same appearance, perspective and occlusion. Generic Fourier Descriptors are used as gait features. The performance is evaluated using a new collected dataset of 17 subjects walking in a narrow walkway. A Correct Classification Rate of 98.8% is achieved. This high recognition rate has still been achieved using a modest number of features. The analysis indicate that the technique can handle truncated gait cycles of different length and is insensitive to noisy silhouettes. However, calibration errors have a negative impact upon recognition performance.
In the industrial internet of things (IIoT), the coexistence of great deal of intelligent equipment and traditional network devices is universally found. Network has been transforming from single form into large-scale, heterogeneous networks. On such circumstance, traditional network standards and protocols fail to cope with the differences of the equipment. Moreover, there are inconveniences being found in the communication networks among multi-networks. This paper proposed a multi-network control framework based on industrial internet of things by the techniques of the software defined network and the virtualization. In this research, the differences of the equipment are masked. In addition, the flexible extension of network scale is realized through the dynamic extension and the collaborative sharing of virtual switches. A case shows the feasibility of the proposed framework.
This paper presents a new technique for glottal inverse filtering using a distributed model of the vocal tract. A discrete state space model has been constructed for the speech production system by combining the concatenated tube model of the vocal tract and Liljencrants–Fant (LF) model of the glottal flow derivative waveform. An adaptive system identification technique, based on extended Kalman filtering, has been used for estimation of the states and model parameters from continuous speech. The glottal signal, represented by the LF model, is piecewise differentiable in one glottal cycle. Hence, the hybrid system has been characterized by separate models during two different modes. Multiple model estimation has been performed by switching between the two models at the mode jumps. The open phase of the glottal cycle has been considered as Mode 1;whereas, the return phase and closed phase combined has been taken as Mode 2. The starting point of Mode 1, also known as glottal opening instant, was estimated by observing formant modulation, which remains negligible during closed phase, and starts to increase at the onset of opening. The starting point of Mode 2, also known as the glottal closing instant, was computed by peak-picking from linear prediction (LP) residual signal. The proposed method estimates the glottal waveform as well as changes in flow occurring at different sections of the vocal tract during speech production. This technique has been found to be accurate and robust to variations in pitch as compared to other LP-based methods in the literature. The method also estimates the air pressure distribution at different sections of the vocal tract.
The highly-fragmented and non-standardized landscape of the Internet of Things industry results in forcing both IoT developers and end-users to have to choose their proprietary consumer electronics by a company, eventually becoming a barrier to build an unfragmented IoT ecosystem. This paper proposes an oneM2M standards-compliant device software platform for consumer electronics based on the Internet of Things, called &Cube. It leverages a standardized resource model and REST APIs to work with oneM2M service platforms, leading to interoperability across various IoT consumer electronics built on the &Cube. The growing adoption of the &Cube in consumer electronics will help lower the barriers for the manufacturers and developers to create innovative products and entirely new services.
Rapid growth of intelligent mobile devices and internet of things demand instantaneous and ubiquitous access to large amount of data stored in remote data centers. This growth drives the need of very large capacity processors to store, switch and route vast amount of data. With the electronics industry embracing the ???More-than-Moore??? concept to increase the integration level of the data processors, future generations of CMOS technology must not only scale transistor dimensions, but also need to embrace various heterogeneous integration technologies with new processing architectures. The emerging silicon photonics technology, which is compatible with the main stream CMOS manufacturing processes, promises significant enhancement in processing speed and capacity. In this talk, we will review the current status of the silicon photonics technology and new capability it would enable.
With the advancement of the IoT (internet of things) miniaturization of wireless devices is very important. These devices are communicating in different frequency bands. One way of saving space is the use of multiple band antennas. The design of multiple band antennas is a task of reverse engineering in which the resonances of the antenna structure are tuned to given center frequencies. In this presentation it is shown how SoS (Statistics on Structures) in combination with electromagnetic field simulation using ANSYS HFSS can be used to generate a field meta model of optimal prognosis for the frequency response of the return loss. This field meta model is used to optimize the antenna with no additional solver runs. Also, this procedure allows to re-define scalar optimization criteria, after the DOE (Design of Experiment) has been calculated, by extracting quantities like the position and width of minima from the field meta model for the full frequency response. This allows for a lot of flexibility during the process of optimization
Rapid growth of intelligent mobile devices and internet of things demand instantaneous and ubiquitous access to large amount of data stored in remote data centers. This growth drives the need of very large capacity processors to store, switch and route vast amount of data. With the electronics industry embracing the "More-than-Moore" concept to increase the integration level of the data processors, future generations of CMOS technology must not only scale transistor dimensions, but also need to embrace various heterogeneous integration technologies with new processing architectures. The emerging silicon photonics technology, which is compatible with the main stream CMOS manufacturing processes, promises significant enhancement in processing speed and capacity. In this talk, we will review the current status of the silicon photonics technology and new capability it would enable.
This paper presents a soft robotic glove designed to assist individuals with functional grasp pathologies in performing activities of daily living. The glove utilizes soft fabric-regulated pneumatic actuators that are low-profile and require lower pressure than previously developed actuators. They are able to support fingers and thumb motions during hand closure. Upon pressurization, the actuators are able to generate sufficient force to assist in hand closing and grasping during different manipulation tasks. In this work, experiments were conducted to evaluate the performances of the actuators as well as the glove in terms of its kinetic and kinematic assistance on a healthy participant. Additionally, surface electromyography and radio-frequency identification techniques were adopted to detect user intent to activate or deactivate the glove. Lastly, we present preliminary results of a healthy participant performing different manipulation tasks with the soft robotic glove controlled by surface electromyography and radio-frequency identification techniques.
The internet of things has enabled the communication of "smart" physical objects and improved the quality of machine service to humans. These achievements are based on the synergy of processing information collected by different sources. This trend will continue with the next class of computing platforms enabled by millimeter-scale sensors, diversifying the signal sources including biomedical, climate and surveillance targets. The key challenge of such systems is to achieve small die size, ultra-low power consumption, sufficient communication distance with the limited antenna size and accurate system duty-cycling.
Remote low power devices that will constitute the internet of things can be powered by scavenging energy from environmental mechanical vibrations. Triboelectric generators (TEG) are devices that can be used to convert vibration motion into electrical energy. In this paper we explore how freely vibrating TEGs excited indirectly by external forces may be designed. The design of TEGs depends on several variables and application specifications. First the system is modeled and the related parametric variables are studied. A design algorithm is proposed to achieve resonance condition. Based on the algorithm single-impact TEG and double-impact TEG devices were fabricated and their vibration behavior measured. The double-impact TEG showed four times improvement in voltage output and two times improvement in operation frequency bandwidth. Finally, the proposed system model was simulated using MATLAB for the two TEG designs. It was shown that the simulation supports the experimental results.
Ports are rally points and hubs of water and land transportation, important nodes of the internet of things as well, which are inevitably susceptible to surrounding meteorological environment. To address this issue, a comprehensive environment monitoring system with early warning and linkage control is presented in this paper. First, our system can monitor surrounding meteorological environment data in real-time, which ensures to provide early warming if there encounters any exception. Second, our system can be used to forecast future environment, which significantly benefits the operations and schedules of ports. The last but not the least, through linkage control with other relevant systems, our system enables to meet the needs of green port development. The framework of our system, together with the design of some main software modules, are described in details. Furthermore, several main characteristics and functionalities of our system are further thoroughly introduced.
The dynamic detection for radio frequency identification (RFID) system is an attractive field recently in the area of detection of the internet of things (IOT) products. The testing parameters usually include the identification rate as well as the range. In this paper, under the urgent desire of the identification range detection, a novel method by laser distance measuring sensor and spectrum analyzer is proposed for the special and unstandardized RFID tags. Meanwhile, the experimental system is designed. The experimental results show that the maximal identification range for the sample of SAW RFID tag reaches approximately 8 meters. Moreover, the anti-collision ability for this RFID system has been proved. Furthermore, both the feasibility of this proposed method and the efficiency of the detection system are verified.
Pushed by the pervasive diffusion of devices operated by battery or by the energy harvested, energy has become one of the most important parameter to be optimized for embedded systems. Particularly relevant would be to optimize the energy consumption of security primitives. In this paper we explore design techniques for implementing block ciphers in a low energy fashion. We concentrate on round based implementation and we discuss how gating, applied at round level can affect and improve the energy consumption of the most common lightweight block cipher currently used in the internet of things. Additionally, we discuss how to needed gating wave can be generated. Experimental results show that our technique is able to reduce the energy consumption in most block ciphers by over 60% while incurring only a minimal overhead in hardware.
Today connectivity is a key enabler behind the concepts such as machine-to-machine communications and internet of things. In a near future, from the simplest to the most complicated all the devices will be connected, therefore it is necessary to define an horizontal common service layer for the interoperability and to diminish the barriers between vertical markets. In this perspective an initiative consist of international standard bodies and companies define oneM2M. In this paper we talked about the ecosystem, functional architecture, application layer communications protocols, message flows and security of oneM2M in order to give an overview of the standard.
Fully passive wireless networks are an enable for the internet of things. One of the hypothesis for this passive network implementation is to use backscatter radio nodes. Nevertheless, the traditional approach is to use ASK or PSK backscatter solutions that limits the data rate of the sensors, since it transfers only one bit per symbol period. In order to overcome these limitation, in this paper we propose a novel passive wireless sensor network based in 4-QAM backscatter modulation. The design strategy for high level order backscatter modulations will be explained and a design approach will be presented in this manuscript.
Fin actuation systems are one of the most essential parts of missiles since they actuate the fins and consequently provide missiles to carry out certain tasks during their mission. The designed control algorithm for the fin actuation system (FAS) must cope with the disturbances where the most prominent of them are the aerodynamic loads on the fins. Even though the control algorithm can be tested by computer simulations one may not be sure if the system works as required. Hence, the realistic aerodynamic loads must be applied to the fin shaft. In this study, a fin loading system (FLS) will be presented and the torque model of a fin loading system is derived. Omitting nonlinearities due to dead-zone and viscous friction, the parameters of the FLS are obtained by system identification technique using a predefined system structure. Since, there are modelling inaccuracies and external disturbances, Sliding Mode Control (SMC) approach is chosen as it is known to be robust to matched uncertainties once it reaches to the sliding hyper-plane. SMC is shown to have good tracking performance and disturbance rejection property in real time application in the presence of modelling inaccuracies and high disturbances due to fins movement.
This paper presents results for the application of the Subspace Identification Method using N4SID technique in its deterministic case. The goal is to obtain a state-space mathematical model for a robotic manipulator with five degrees of freedom. This study aims to present alternatives to the Prediction Error identification techniques in multivariable systems with high complexity and elevated computational efforts. Results indicate that the applied subspace identification leads to a successful state-space mathematical model which makes it an efficient alternative method to mathematical modeling in future projects.
The fast diagnosis of antenna arrays from a small number of far-field measurements is addressed. With the a priori knowledge of the failure-free array radiation pattern, it is possible to reformulate the diagnosis problem such as only the faulty elements or the localized field differences have to be retrieved. Efficient and readily available sparse recovery algorithms can then be applied to identify the failures from a small number of measurements compared to standard diagnosis techniques and hence speed up the diagnosis. More specifically, three regularization procedures namely the minimization of the, total variation (TV), and the mixednorm are used to solve the ill-posed array diagnosis problems. These approaches are compared to two standard fault identification techniques: the back-propagation algorithm (BPA) and the matrix inversion method for the diagnosis from simulated and measured data. The simulation of awaveguide array in realistic conditions of noise and taking into account the potential scaling factor between two measurements is first presented. Then, a reflectarray composed of 193 cells with metallic strips to emulate phase failures is considered. Both numerical and experimental results confirm the effectiveness of the sparse recovery algorithms and the importance of prior information on the source.
The microperturbation method (MPM) is an advanced online model identification technique for power systems, which utilizes some specifically designed multisine signal to perturb the system and to consequently stimulate amplitude-limited probing response that has desirable signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). The MPM removes the ambient noise from the contaminated probing response using statistical signal processing techniques and identifies system models by orthogonal decomposition-based subspace identification method (ORT). The capability to identify the precise system model at a low cost without impacting the system security gains the MPM tremendous application potentials. In this paper, we present an overview of the MPM, as well as its critical techniques and implementation procedures, and also shed lights on its potentials in real-time online applications in the power industry. The proposed approach is validated in an actual power system where the system dynamic model is successfully identified.
This paper presents the design and characterization of the first active matrix light-emitting diode (AMLED) microdisplay with an embedded visible light communication (VLC) transmitter, enabling LED digital signage for location-based applications such as information broadcasters and indoor positioning beacons. The driver system-on-a-chip (SoC) integrates four identical macro-cells, each containing a pixel driver array, a row driver, a column driver, and a first-in first-out memory, to drive a wide quarter-VGA (WQVGA) display featuring 400 × 240 blue micro-LED (μLED) pixels fabricated on a single gallium nitride (GaN) substrate. The size of each μLED pixel is 30 × 30 μm2. At the system level, pulse-width modulation (PWM) superimposed with on–off keying modulation is proposed to accomplish grayscale control for display and simultaneously transmit VLC signal by modulating the μLED array. At the circuit level, a pixel driver cell composed of three transistors and one capacitor (3T1C) with a novel VLC function is employed to implement the control scheme. Flip-Chip bonding is adopted to establish connections between the WQVGA microdisplay and the AMLED driver SoC. Implemented in a 0.5-μm 2P3M CMOS process, the driver SoC enables a high-resolution microdisplay module to achieve 4-bit grayscale at a 100-Hz frame rate, while supporting 1.25-Mb/s VLC for a bit error rate <10?5 up to 25-cm distance without a lens. When using optical lenses, the VLC distance is extended to >500 cm.
This paper presents an automatic faulted line section location method for distribution systems. It can be divided into two parts: faulted line section location method for medium-voltage distribution feeders and faulted area identification technique for low-voltage distribution systems. In the first part, an adjacency list that shows the adjacency relationship and status of fault indicating devices is developed. Then, an iterative search technique is devised to traverse the adjacency list to determine the faulted line section. In the second part, a relational table that shows the association relationship between smart meters, meter boxes, and distribution transformers is developed. Based on the table and the voltage of smart meters received from the customer electric information acquisition system, the faulted area can be located. Several test cases studied in a real distribution system demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.
This article consists of a collection of slides from the author's conference presentation on power resources for the Internet of things (IoT0. Some of the specific topics discussed include: advances in circuit design techniques and architectures;energy harvesting sources;optimized energy processing circuits;holistic optimization;and new sources of energy to build more powerfule IoT systems.
With the materialization of the internet of things (IoT), big data analytic and cloud computing services give rise to extra breadth in the assessment of more secure computing environments, better resource management and vulnerability analysis. In order to accurately assess the vulnerability of Bluetooth low energy (BLE) wireless network enabled IoT systems, we have proposed a novel approach to extend the calculation formula for Authentication which is one of variables used in the conventional base score equations of the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) v2 proposed by the National Infrastructure Advisory Council. Through an example BLE wireless network based shopping cart IoT system we have demonstrated the weakness of the current CVSS v2 base score equations and how to overcome the weakness through our extension.
Glyphs are automatically generated visual icons, commonly employed as an object identification technique. Although popular in the Human Computer Interaction community, glyphs are rarely employed to address software engineering problems. We extended the VisualID glyph technique to cope with structural software elements and used it to address two issues in software maintenance: identify classes with the same dependencies and classes with a similar set of methods. We have compared VisualID against three visual representations: textual, graph (nodes and edges), and dependency structural matrix. Our experiments indicate that VisualID significantly helps identify classes with the same dependencies and classes with similar methods when compared with visual techniques commonly used in software maintenance.
The problem of estimating process derivatives in the on-line optimization case has been extensively addressed in last few decades. In fact, it has received such attention due to the fact that earlier methods have encountered major drawbacks in the past. These drawbacks have either caused the non-convergence of the optimization algorithm, or led to the decrease in its performance. This paper investigates a new technique based on Genetic Algorithms (GA's) for estimating these derivatives within the well-known Integrated System Optimization and parameter Estimation (ISOPE) algorithm. It is shown using simulations on a Continuous Stirred Tank Reactor (CSTR) system how the proposed GA technique can successfully estimate the derivative information and lead the ISOPE algorithm to converge to the right optimum point. Moreover, the technique is able to effectively estimate some unknown model parameters, is less computationally burdened and stable compared to earlier methods.
The Internet of Things (IoT) is a rapidly growing technology in recent years. It represents an extension of the Internet into the physical world embracing everyday objects. In consequence, users' privacy and security are becoming a great challenge. To cope with this issue, sophisticated approaches are needed to guarantee these services and hence ensure a large-scale adoption of IoT. In our work we present an approach to model and describe the architecture of internet of things, in which user privacy and security are ensured while taking into consideration the dynamic context in which evolve users, their experience and preferences with respect to security and privacy.
In this work, we develop self-tuning PD-fuzzy autopilots for trajectory tracking of a low-cost Parrot AR.Drone2 quadcopter. We first recall the mathematical model of the system in terms of its multi-input, multi-output (MIMO) transfer function model acquired via system identification technique. Accordingly, we design three self-tuning autopilots by means of fuzzy inference systems to control the position of the drone in 3D space. This research serves as a preliminary study in our design process to investigate the feasibility of our fuzzy self-tuning autopilot before we can implement it into practice. We perform a systematic comparative study to highlight the effectiveness of our control algorithm with respect to fixed-gain autopilot as well as fuzzy logic controller.
Educational institutes have gone beyond the traditional way of learning by accepting the latest technologies and modern trends, making learning more innovative. The interactive technologies and Instant communication services have transformed the methods adopted for education into a more interactive, visualizable and accessible means. Education institutes in India, are in a process of adopting innovative techniques for creating a smart learning environment to nurture young talent. But according to National Survey findings, 13 out of every 100 Indians between 5???29 years drop out or refrain from going to school, as they do not consider education ???necessary???. In this paper, we will discuss about how academic learning can be made reachable and motivating for the students using ICT and IoT, besides introducing them to their core subjects with interactive ways of Smart learning. Information Communication Technology promises a wide range of applications and devices for learning environments, whereas Internet of things is all about connecting devices, making them smart and self-controllable.
Wide proliferation of low cost IoT sensing terminals require inexpensive energy harvesting circuits integrated with RFID. The main emphasis of this paper has been the design of a switching circuit to avoid the use of separate antennas for harvesting and backscatter operations. The use of single antenna presented here also enables a compact design. Since this design considers the requirement of matching the antenna with differential output to the tag chip with similar interface and the harvester circuit with a single-ended input, this approach may lead to compact and efficient ubiquitous deployment of IoT terminals.
Multi converter based distributed power system (DPS) comprises of several interconnected switched mode power converters. The large scale implementation of DPS in variety of applications has provided new research directions in modeling and control of switched mode power converter. With evolution of DPS, black box, grey box modeling and identification of converter dynamics holds a significant research interest. A large number of papers study the identification aspect as well as real time implementation of identification techniques in switched mode power converter. Therefore, a proper review of available identification methods is the need of the day. In this paper, comprehensive reviews of parametric and non-parametric identification techniques of switched mode power converter have been discussed. This paper is intended to serve as a reference towards identification aspect of switched mode power converter.
To provide cellular communications for a large number of internet of things (IoT) devices, the mobile core system, called as evolved packet core (EPC) in the 4G system case, emerges to equip a large amount of computational resources. This is because the EPC needs to maintain state information on the communications of the IoT devices, even if they rarely send data. This paper proposes a method for reducing the state information. The proposed method assigns the same international mobile subscriber identity (IMSI) to multiple IoT devices, which upload data with the same cycle, and manages devices uploading data at different timings. This paper shows through the simulation-based verifications that the proposal can reduce the state information to less than one-hundredth.
Microarray gene expression data generally consist of huge number of genes compared to very less number of samples available. Therefore it is a stimulating task to identify a small subset of relevant genes from microarray gene expression data where the identified genes can solely be used for accurately classifying the cancer subgroups. Therefore, in this paper a computationally efficient but accurate gene identification technique has been proposed. At the onset the t-test method has been utilized to reduce the dimension of the dataset and then the proposed particle swarm optimization based approach has been employed to find useful genes. The proposed method has been applied on the small round blue cell tumor (SRBCT) data to classify the four subgroups specifically neuroblastoma, non-Hodgkin lymphoma, rhabdomyosarcoma and Ewing sarcoma. The results demonstrate that the proposed technique could identify only fourteen genes that can be efficiently exploited for the diagnostic prediction task with high accuracy.
Current paper proposes a system for identifying bearing faults of a 3-phase induction motor operated in process control application along with the presence of other source of vibration, in the same process. Different types of bearing fault identification techniques have been discussed in literature with the analysis of time domain, frequency domain and time-frequency domain based features. The proposed methods were examined under laboratorial set-up keeping rotating speed and or load variation remains unchanged. And the practical situations of external vibrational effect and noises from various sources of process plant also have not been considered in a vast way. This paper delivers a brief idea of the identification of bearing faulty harmonics which are collected by accelerometer during running condition under random variation of both, speed and load of the motor with the presence of non-stationary external vibrations. The study also revealed that, faulty bearing can be identified from the vibration signal, by programming the PLC based system to collect vibration data only when process enters into some predefined situation, and thereafter by analyzing the vibration amplitude using standard deviation the faulty bearing can be identified.
Humidity sensors have attracted extensive attentions due to their various applications in environment monitoring, health care and internet of things. Graphene oxide has recently been exploited as a humidity sensing material because of its good hydrophilicity and excellent sensitivity. Here we report an ultra-sensitive and responsive capacitive humidity sensor using graphene oxide as sensing material. A capacitance change of ten times is observed when the relative humidity changes from 50% to 90%. The response and recovery time of the sensor are measured to be 0.066 and 0.154 s, respectively, which are several orders of magnitude shorter than conventional humidity sensors. Furthermore, its responses to flow rate, temperature and other vapors are also characterized.
New tide of innovation has come due to rapid development of internet of things and broad application. The drastic growth of Chinese logistics industry has been witnessed, however, the accommodated monitoring and management for the logistics vehicle still have a long way to go. Internet of vehicles has been the first option in solving problems on logistics transport system. The paper analyzed the feasibility of system building through intelligent logistics system construction based on internet of vehicles by considering information receiving, information transfer and information platform, this paper also provides a structural model of comprehensive system to offer innovative thoughts and ideas for the growth of logistics industry.
With the rapid development of internet of things (IOT), the research on security authentication for radio frequency identification (RFID) has become a hot spot. In order to address this issue, a RFID authentication protocol based on Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) is proposed in this paper, by which the mutual authentication between the tag and the backend server can be realized. The security analysis shows that the proposed authentication protocol can resist major attacks on RFID, such as impersonation attacks, replay attacks, tracking attacks, denial of service (DoS) attacks, forward attacks, and etc. Moreover, the analyses on computation complexity, storage capacity and communication overhead also indicate it is an efficient and lightweight authentication protocol.
The paper presents a methodology to model the nonlinearity associated with the error in measurement of energy metering system using nonlinear autoregressive with exogenous input (NARX) model. The experimental results are obtained for active and reactive power under both sinusoidal and non-sinusoidal conditions. The system identification technique is presented to understand the basics of nonlinear modeling structures. The prevalent operating condition is identified which is contributing most of the error to the system and its nonlinear modeling is carried out. The comparison is performed for experimental and simulated output of different models, to decide the best modeling structure. This method plays a vital role in determining nonlinear model which reflects high fidelity for continuously varying error pattern of energy metering system under different power quality phenomenon. Thus, the behavioral pattern of energy meter for different parametric variations becomes a prior available and this information can be utilized for enhanced performance of energy meter.
As a key technology of internet of things (IOT), RFID technology is widely used in object identification and tracing. In some manufacturing applications, such as the assembly line, the localization of the specific product is very important for the customized production. In recent years, although localization technology based on UHF RFID has gained great attention and development, the accuracy of the existing systems still can not meet the demand of different production applications. To improve the performance of the UHF RFID localization system, a method of using the phase of the passive RFID tag's reflected signals is proposed. Note that the phase reflected by the tags is distance sensitive, which is conductive to locate the tags accurately. Moreover, a set of geometry equations is derived to estimate the position of the tag on an assembly line. The phase difference between two antennas is utilized to overcome the periodicity of the phase. The analysis of models and experimental results on a motorized stage show that the phase reflected by the passive UHF RFID tags can be used to locate RFID tags on the assembly line accurately.
Because of the constrained devices and critical security concerns of the internet of things (IoT) applications, feasible wireless sensor-based systems require more breakthroughs in terms of network architecture, system design, and data processing techniques. Therefore, in this work we utilize device information in order to provide lightweight node authentication and effectively resolve the security problem, considering a connected hierarchical IoT architecture. Accordingly, for providing trustable services, we explore the trade-off between energy consumption management and the successful detection rate of malicious nodes in a heterogeneous internet of things and aim to develop a device-based node identification scheme.
In this paper, we consider identification of a class of multi-input single-output (MISO) systems, where the MISO system is composed of several single-input single-output (SISO) linear time-invariant systems and only the sum of the output of each SISO system can be measured. By exciting one SISO system and employing periodic inputs to the remaining SISO systems, we decompose the MISO system into the excited SISO system where its input and output can be calculated from the measured data. As such, the original parameters for each SISO system can be estimated using the well-established identification techniques. Simulation on identification of a dual-stage hard disk drive is carried out to demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed approach.
Wind turbines in a wind farm operate individually to maximize their own power regardless of the impact of aerodynamic interactions on neighboring turbines. There is the potential to increase power and reduce overall structural loads by properly coordinating turbines. To perform control design and analysis, a model needs to be of low computational cost, but retains the necessary dynamics seen in high-fidelity models. The objective of this work is to obtain a reduced-order model that represents the full-order flow computed using a high-fidelity model. A variety of methods, including proper orthogonal decomposition and dynamic mode decomposition, can be used to extract the dominant flow structures and obtain a reduced-order model. In this paper, we combine proper orthogonal decomposition with a system identification technique to produce an input-output reduced-order model. This technique is used to construct a reduced-order model of the flow within a two-turbine array computed using a large-eddy simulation.
PAROC is an integrated framework and software platform for the development of explicit MPC controllers for real-world applications. Starting from a validated mathematical representation of the system under consideration, suitable model reduction and system identification techniques provide an approximate model which is used in combination with state-of-the-art explicit MPC algorithms to solve the underlying optimal control problem offline. The resulting solution is then seamlessly incorporated into the high fidelity model based closed-loop system, where it is validated without the need to solve an optimization problem online. The capabilities and applicability of this framework are highlighted via two case studies: the control of a combined heat and power (CHP) cogeneration system for residential use, as well as the optimal control of intravenous anaesthesia. Challenges such as hybrid systems and nonlinearity are discussed, along with new directions in the development of powerful novel multi-parametric programming algorithms and tools for a wide range of optimization and control problems, thereby paving the way for the wider applicability of the proposed PAROC framework to real-world applications.
Based on internet of things and communication technology, this paper puts forward the overall architecture of dynamic monitoring system in the high slope and monitoring equipment technology system. High slope monitoring project in Southwest mountain was set an example to propose the dynamic monitoring scheme of the high slope. On the basis of long-term monitoring data, studying the prediction model, early warning indicators and the slope deformation mechanism of slope monitoring technology for guiding to design and construction of high slope, while warning the trend of slope stability.
This work presents an ultra-low power oscillator designed to target different contexts, such as crystal-assisted time keeping, reference oscillator to optimize the always on domain of a microcontroller or wake-up timer. This oscillator enables ultra-low power operation in 0.18 &#x03BC;m CMOS technology;the core oscillator consumes 2.5 nW at room temperature, with a temperature stability of 14 ppm/&#x00B0;C [-40&#x00B0;C - 60&#x00B0;C] and 0.07 %/V supply sensitivity.
This paper presents examples of internet of things (IoT) applications that could enhance the management of tourism activities in South Africa. Although information and communication technologies (ICT) have been adopted in some aspects of the tourism industry, there is further room to enhance this functionality through the adoption of IoT technologies. The IoT technologies in this research have been categorised under wildlife monitoring and tracking, monitoring seas and waters, monitoring birds, plant species monitoring, tourist information services, hospitality services, tourism marketing and mountaineering and weather monitoring as identified from the South African Department of Tourism website. A literature review was conducted to identify IoT applications in tourism in the international arena that would apply in the South African environment. An architecture of a wildfire detection and alert system using IoT is given as an example. The question that this research answers therefore is, &#x201C;What IoT technologies can be adopted to impact on South Africa's tourism industry&#x201D;.
Interoperability is key in any networked system. In the IoT environments, the need is further amplified by the presence of numerous heterogeneous devices. To address device and service disparity, the things will need proper addressing, registration and de-registration. This can be implemented through abstraction technologies and models such as ontologies for semantic expressiveness. The aim of this paper is to investigate some of the requirements for semantic interoperability and expose some of the current challenges in device and service discovery. We also explore current models for resource discovery highlighting their strengths and weaknesses and how they can contribute to an ontology based IoT device and service discovery model. Furthermore, the paper concludes by proposing a model for device and service discovery.
According to the recent development of internet of things and big data, the serious tries of implementing smart factory have been increased. To realize the smart factory, firstly predictive manufacturing system should be implemented. As a first step of predictive manufacturing, this paper focuses on solving the simple but time consuming and high cost task in the predictive manner. The target problem of this paper is predicting CNC tool wear compensation offset using machine learning methods based on the data. To apply machine learning methods, we should understand the characteristics of the data and find the most suitable method according to the data characteristics. Thus, this paper discusses the characteristics of manufacturing data and compares various cases of applying machine learning methods.
Internet of Things (IoT) devices are predicated to reach 50 billion by 2022. Therefore, the IoT device data is too large to be managed efficiently by the existing platforms. Because of huge data centralized on the IoT platform, the privacy issues are on the rise due to some sensitive data that able to expose secretly and indirect way. So, we propose the role-based IoT service environment that is decentralized manner architecture. Moreover, we show the evaluation and implementation results according to the example scenario.
This era of internet of things (IOT) and ubiquitous computing technology demands that their potential be leveraged in all areas of human life. Towards this effort this paper proposes a novel architecture for intelligent transport system (ITS) for surveillance based on 6LoWPAN technology which also combines ubiquitous computing technology. The novelty of the proposed architecture lies in integrating maximum aspects of ITS surveillance into a single architecture. Also the combination of IOT and ubiquitous computing comes as an added advantage to existing ITS.
The internet of things (IoT) brings security requirements to novel classes of devices, that are resource constrained and significantly specialized, so introducing new challenges in the provision of cryptographic primitives including random number generators (RNGs). Conventional solutions use pseudo-RNGs (PRNGs) or piggyback on the on-board sensors to harvest environmental entropy, leaving some security concerns open in either way. A recent trend offers the opportunity to fix this issue. In fact, the extremely various requirements of the IoT pushes manufacturers to shift the boundaries of programmability, marketing systems on chip that join micro/application processors with reconfigurable logic, routing and analog parts. This enables the development of true-RNGs (TRNGs) library parts that can be dropped in projects as firmware/configware whenever needed. As a demo, the design of a USB TRNG dongle capable of almost 400kbit/s is illustrated on a Cypress PSOC prototyping kit.
The paper presents an antenna transducer prototype at 915MHz for a batteryless ultra high frequency (UHF) radio frequency identification (RFID) transponder (tag) sensor add-on. By using low cost and low maintenance batteryless RFID sensor tags in a home environment, a low cost internet of things (IoT) infrastructure can be provided. The batteryless or rather passive UHF RFID sensor tag is realized by using the tag antenna as the sensing device. The prototyped antenna transducer allows to detect three specific water filling levels in a can to sense for example the filling level of a coffee machine in a smart home environment. The transducer prototype provides a high efficiency of 92%and thus guarantees for the first time a reliable and stable power supply to the passive RFID tag chip at each sensing state.
One of the main drawbacks of the existing oscillation damping controllers is that they are designed based on offline simulations for assumed system conditions and are not adaptive to the varying power system operating conditions. With the increasing availability of wide-area measurements and the rapid development of system identification techniques, adaptive oscillation damping controllers can be designed, which can coordinate the control provided by the available actuators and effectively damp targeted oscillation modes. An adaptive and coordinated oscillation damping control using measurement-driven approach is proposed in this paper. The subspace state space model is identified using ambient data or ringdown data to update the parameters of damping controller. Additionally, an adaptive time delay compensator employing a lead-lag structure is utilized to reduce the impact of random time delay. The coordinated control for different oscillation modes is achieved by mode decoupling control through selecting observation signal and actuation signal with minimum interaction with other modes. The demonstration on hardware testbed has illustrated the effectiveness of the proposed adaptive and coordinated damping controller.
Based on the Observer/Kalman filter Identification (OKID) and digital redesign of observer-based tracker method for a stochastic chaotic system. An additional digital redesign observer approach is now proposed to obtain a more accurate system identification model. Furthermore, this provides computationally effective initialization low-order observer parameters for the on-line nonlinear model system identification technique. Finally, the stochastic chaotic Chen's system is used as an illustrative example to demonstrate the effectiveness and excellence of the proposed methodology.
The proposed method changes the original remote controller for home appliances become IOT (internet of things) technology-based and cross-platform control by the smart phone remote wireless control. In our research, smart phone will replace the traditional remote control operation. When the controller press mobile Web App, in addition to the circuit module will emitting infrared signals, our hardware module will also upload information to the cloud database. Such an innovative approach would be able to provide accurate monitoring by real-time monitoring status and real-time analysis. In the proposed smart home embedded system, data sent back from each sensor inside the household can be instantaneously analyzed, Furthermore, the use of Network Address Translation (NAT) technology to control remotely via the Internet. In terms of the construction process of the smart factory system, this dissertation proposes an instantaneous method that carries out the monitoring of factory area temperature, humidity and air quality using smart mobile phone. At the same time, the system detects potential flame, analyze and monitor power loading. These monitoring also include shock detection of operating machines in factory premises. The study proposes integrating ZigBee and Wi-Fi protocol smart monitoring system in the structure of the whole factory. Via ZigBee communication Protocol, the sensors in the factory transmit messages and the instantaneously detected data to the integrated regulating system. Lastly, this research study will, in depth, analyse hands-on problems generated during instantaneous integration of signal packing for various communication protocols. As well as composing the know-how of overcoming these problems using the innovative methods of this study while proposing efficient solution schemes. The above become the greatest features in the building of this integrated regulation system.
A powerful integrated fan-out (InFO) wafer level system integration (WLSI) technology has been developed to integrate application processor chip with memory package for smart mobile devices. This novel InFO technology is the first high performance Fan-Out Wafer Level Package (FO_WLP) with multi-layer high density interconnects proposed to the industry. In this paper we present the detailed comparison of InFO packages on package (InFO_PoP) with several other previously proposed 3D package solutions. Result shows that InFO_PoP has more optimized overall results on system performance, leakage power and area (form factor) than others, to meet the ever-increasing system requirements of mobile computing. InFO technology has been successfully qualified on package level with robust component and board level reliability. It is also qualified at interconnect level with high electromigration resistance. With its high flexibility and strong capability of multi-chips integration for both homogeneous and heterogeneous sub-systems, InFO technology not only provides a system scaling solution but also complements the chip scaling and helps to sustain the Moore's Law for the smart mobile as well as internet of things (IoT) applications.
In most designs, residual nonlinearity is considered an inescapable curse-even when it is known to be present, it is often assumed to be too unpredictable or unstable to be dealt with in postprocessing. However, with the aid of outputonly system identification, this is no longer the case. We have developed a new technique for compensation of static nonlinear distortion using the internal noise of the device. It improves upon previous approaches by allowing highly-efficient fixed-point implementation, and represents the first step towards direct integration with analog hardware in order to produce an ADC that is blind to its analog frontend.
There is a growing interest in the design of novel flexible electronics for future internet of things (IoT) systems [1]. IoT requires design of low power RF electronics operating at GHz frequency range. Molybdenum disulphide (MoS2) is the prototypical transitional metal dichalcogenide (TMD) affording a large semiconducting bandgap (1.8eV), high saturation velocity, good mechanical strength, high mobility (&#x003E;50cm<sup>2</sup>/Vs), high on/off ratio (&#x003E;10<sup>6</sup>), good current saturation and GHz RF performance [2]. In this work, we demonstrate wafer scale monolayer MoS<inf>2</inf> based flexible RF nanoelectronics that can be used for low power nanoelectronics and flexible IoT systems.
Proliferation of web as an easily accessible information resource has led many corporations to gather competitor intelligence from the internet. While collection of such information is easy from internet, the collation and structuring of them for perusal of business decision makers, is a real trouble. Text clustering based topic identification techniques are expected to be very useful for such application. Using appropriate clustering technologies, the competitor intelligence corpus, gathered from the web, can be divided into topical groups and henceforth the analysis of this information becomes comparatively easier for the managers. This paper presents a study on the effectiveness of standard K-means text clustering algorithm applied at multiple levels, in a top-down, divide-and-conquer fashion, on competitor intelligence corpus, created from publicly available sources on the web, such as news, blogs, research papers etc. The paper also demonstrates the capability of Multi-level K-means (ML-KM) clustering technique to determine the optimal number of clusters as part of clustering process. The cluster validity metric used to determine cluster quality has also been explained along with other user-controlled configuration parameters. It is empirically found that ML-KM technique also addresses one problem of stand-alone standard K-means (S-KM), which is its bias towards convex, spherical clusters, resulting in bigger clusters subsuming smaller ones. This specific advantage of ML-KM over stand-alone S-KM to detect smaller clusters, makes it more suitable for clustering competitor intelligence related text corpus where niche, smaller clusters can actually lead to important findings. The experimental results are presented for both ML-KM and stand-alone S-KM clustering techniques based on competitor intelligence corpus as well as the standard Reuters corpus.
Many emerging applications such as the internet of things, wearables, and sensor networks have ultra-low-power requirements. At the same time, cost and programmability considerations dictate that many of these applications will be powered by general purpose embedded microprocessors and microcontrollers, not ASICs. In this paper, we exploit a new opportunity for improving energy efficiency in ultralow-power processors expected to drive these applications -- dynamic timing slack. Dynamic timing slack exists when an embedded software application executed on a processor does not exercise the processor's static critical paths. In such scenarios, the longest path exercised by the application has additional timing slack which can be exploited for power savings at no performance cost by scaling down the processor's voltage at the same frequency until the longest exercised paths just meet timing constraints. Paths that cannot be exercised by an application can safely be allowed to violate timing constraints. We show that dynamic timing slack exists for many ultra-low-power applications and that exploiting dynamic timing slack can result in significant power savings for any ultra-low-power processors. We also present an automated methodology for identifying dynamic timing slack and selecting a safe operating point for a processor and a particular embedded software. Our approach for identifying and exploiting dynamic timing slack is non-speculative, requires no programmer intervention and little or no hardware support, and demonstrates potential power savings of up to 32%, 25% on average, over a range of embedded applications running on a common ultra-low-power processor, at no performance cost.
In an application that estimates the movement of pedestrians in urban areas utilizing an advancing person re-identification technique as a video analysis scheme, a massive number of simultaneous similarity searches of feature data, which represent a person's characteristics as numerical values, is required. The system should be able to process over 10,000 people per minute if a large-scale urban facility is assumed. However, the computation cost of similarity searches is high and the size of the feature data extracted from a video become rather large. These properties constitute the obstacles for large-scale estimations using live videos. We propose a novel design of a live video analysis system, which executes the processes of feature data extraction and similarity searches using parallel computations on distributed server nodes connected via a peer-to-peer network. We implemented the system on a testbed and evaluated its performance using a real dataset of a large-scale facility, applying an existing face recognition technique as a person re-identification scheme, and confirmed that the processes can be completed within a minute.
This paper proposes a new identification technique for the discrete-time MISO nonlinear systems, which formulated by the piecewise affine (PWA) form. Because of the correlation between the identification of submodels and the estimation of corresponding active regions, the proposed identification approach aims to find the optimal parameters of submodels and corresponding active regions simultaneously that minimize the suitably defined distance between local models and submodels in the same active region. The particle swarm optimization (PSO) is used in order to find the global optimal solution of the optimization problem. In this method, these local data sets that collect data generated by different submodels are abandoned, which highlights our method. At last, the proposed approach is implemented and tested on a continuous stirred-tank reactor (CSTR) system. The obtained results turn out to be satisfactory and show a good precision.
Signal identification is an umbrella term for signal processing techniques designed for the identification of the transmission parameters of unknown or partially known communication signals. Initially, a key technology for military applications such as signal interception, radio surveillance and electronic warfare, signal identification techniques recently found applications in commercial wireless communications as an enabling technology for cognitive receivers. With the advance and rapid adoption of multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) communication systems in the last decade, extension of signal identification methods to include this transmission paradigm has become a priority and focus of intensive research efforts. The aim of this work is to provide a comprehensive state-of-the-art survey on algorithms proposed for the new and challenging signal identification problems specific to MIMO systems, including space-time block code (STBC) identification, MIMO modulation identification, and detection of the number of transmit antennas. Finally, concluding remarks on MIMO signal identification are provided along with an outline of the open problems and future research directions.
The fast diagnosis of antenna arrays from a small number of far-field measurements is addressed. With the a priori knowledge of the failure-free array radiation pattern, it is possible to reformulate the diagnosis problem such as only the faulty elements or the localized field differences have to be retrieved. Efficient and readily available sparse recovery algorithms can then be applied to identify the failures from a small number of measurements compared to standard diagnosis techniques and hence speed up the diagnosis. More specifically, three regularization procedures namely the minimization of the &#x2113;<sub>1</sub>, total variation (TV), and the mixed &#x2113;<sub>1</sub>/&#x2113;<sub>2</sub> norm are used to solve the ill-posed array diagnosis problems. These approaches are compared to two standard fault identification techniques: the back-propagation algorithm (BPA) and the matrix inversion method for the diagnosis from simulated and measured data. The simulation of a 10 &#x00D7;10 waveguide array in realistic conditions of noise and taking into account the potential scaling factor between two measurements is first presented. Then, a reflectarray composed of 193 cells with metallic strips to emulate phase failures is considered. Both numerical and experimental results confirm the effectiveness of the sparse recovery algorithms and the importance of prior information on the source.
The microperturbation method (MPM) is an advanced online model identification technique for power systems, which utilizes some specifically designed multisine signal to perturb the system and to consequently stimulate amplitude-limited probing response that has desirable signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). The MPM removes the ambient noise from the contaminated probing response using statistical signal processing techniques and identifies system models by orthogonal decomposition-based subspace identification method (ORT). The capability to identify the precise system model at a low cost without impacting the system security gains the MPM tremendous application potentials. In this paper, we present an overview of the MPM, as well as its critical techniques and implementation procedures, and also shed lights on its potentials in real-time online applications in the power industry. The proposed approach is validated in an actual power system where the system dynamic model is successfully identified.
A proper real-time system identification method is of great importance in order to acquire an analytical model that sufficiently represents the characteristics of the monitored system. While the use of different time-domain online identification techniques has been widely recognized as a powerful approach to system diagnostics, the frequency-domain identification techniques have primarily been considered for offline commissioning purposes. This paper addresses issues in the online frequency-domain identification of a mechanical system with varying dynamics;particular attention is paid to detect the changes in the system dynamics. A closed-loop online identification method is presented that is based on a sliding discrete Fourier transform at a selected set of frequencies. The method is experimentally validated by a closed-loop controlled servomechanism with a limited stroke and time-varying parameters.
A proper real-time system identification method is of great importance in order to acquire an analytical model that sufficiently represents the characteristics of the monitored system. While the use of different time-domain online identification techniques has been widely recognized as a powerful approach to system diagnostics, the frequency-domain identification techniques have primarily been considered for offline commissioning purposes. This paper addresses issues in the online frequency-domain identification of a mechanical system with varying dynamics;particular attention is paid to detect the changes in the system dynamics. A closed-loop online identification method is presented that is based on a sliding discrete Fourier transform at a selected set of frequencies. The method is experimentally validated by a closed-loop controlled servomechanism with a limited stroke and time-varying parameters.
This paper presents results for the application of the Subspace Identification Method using N4SID technique in its deterministic case. The goal is to obtain a state-space mathematical model for a robotic manipulator with five degrees of freedom. This study aims to present alternatives to the Prediction Error identification techniques in multivariable systems with high complexity and elevated computational efforts. Results indicate that the applied subspace identification leads to a successful state-space mathematical model which makes it an efficient alternative method to mathematical modeling in future projects.
The current internet of things leverages existing network infrastructures for communications and control. As devices proliferate in parallel with higher data rate communications and services, existing networks will become increasingly stressed, particularly in remote and underserved regions. There has been a renaissance in interest and investment in space - and suborbital-based high-data-rate communications networks - the internet of space (IoS). IEEE MTT-S, AP-S and EMC-S have joined together to create a technical community that provides global Internet Access from space-based or near-space platforms. Our goal is to ultimately provide Internet access to unreached 4.5B people of the world.
It is expected that the fifth generation (5G) of mobile networks will be standardized in 2020. For this new generation, there are several new performance requirements in addition to higher data rates. E-health and the Internet of Things (IoT) are two important applications that define the new requirements. In this paper, we discuss several technological trends in wireless communications towards 5G networks, highlighting the influence of e-health and IoT applications.
The aim of internet of things is to connect everything with everything, the special interest given to the subject by researchers, companies and enthusiasts by the idea has led to a real enrichment of the network by entirely new objects that no one has expected them to be part of the internet before. This document aims at first; to illustrate the main technological transformations occurred to things since the very first appearance, then providing a basis of objects classification in a way that reflects how different they are.
The information data of CNC machine tool based on the controller tuning operation are investigated for established productivity of industry 4.0. Industry 4.0 is a smart productivity based on industrial internet of things, big data, and cyber physical systems in manufacturing industries. For productivity of industry 4.0 establishing, the position control gains Kp, position feedforward control gains Kf, and speed control gains Kv, in CNC machine tool are major tuning parameters. The different KP gains of 10, 50, 100, 300, and 400 rad/s are investigated for a smart productivity in position control mode. The system responses of CNC machine tool at different position feedforward gains Kf of 0, 50, 80, and 100% and the different speed control gains Kv of 50, 100, 1000, 2000, and 3000 rad/s are investigated for a smart productivity. In addition, the steady-state errors and the setting times at the different Rg ratios of (1:1), (3:1), (5:1), and (7:1) are analysed in position control mode. Results showed the KP gains mainly enhances the settling times and reduces the rise times. The tuning output responses of different Kf gains are almost second order system. The speed control gains Kv mainly enhances the transient response. The characteristic responses of the tuning operations are enabled with connectivity to a cloud network to share the big data, to support decision making, and to adjust operations in real time.
The growing proliferation of connected devices in various environments offers an increasing number of opportunities for minors to create and share personal data. Our analysis looks specifically at the privacy of children interacting with Hello Barbie. Hello Barbie is a new smart toy from Mattel, controversial because of its ability to collect, store, and process the information of children. We assess Hello Barbie across three fronts. First, we de-black box the technology by testing its interactive capabilities - can Hello Barbie keep a secret? Will she respect privacy when asked or suggest otherwise? How is the information presented in the online dashboard for adult oversight? In order to situate Hello Barbie in the larger and ongoing conversation surrounding child privacy, we next discuss Hello Barbie in relation to three other toys designed for children's interaction: Teddy Ruxpin, Elf on the Shelf, and Furby. Finally, we will ask whether Hello Barbie should be able to keep children's information private and why. Based on our discussion, we answer the question as to whether, in the case of products specifically geared toward children, higher or different standards should be established for the collection, safeguard, and use of data.
Virtual communication across the globe is possible due to the use of Internet. Enabling communication between any types of physical devices, at any place using any networking technology is goal of Internet of Things. Describing the new IoT technology this paper also overviews its recent developments Challenges occurring in the field are also mentioned. Modern techniques useful for device identification are suggested. Networking environment supported by IoT and its benefits in diverse areas of application domains are also illustrated. Paper concludes by suggesting the various research and development opportunities that exist in the field.
Security threats have been a major concern as a result of emergence of technology in every aspect including internet market, computational and communication technologies. To solve this issue effective mechanism of &#x201C;cryptography&#x201D; is used to ensure integrity, privacy, availability, authentication, computability, identification and accuracy. Cryptology methods like PKC and SKC are used of data recovery. In this work, we describe exploration of efficient approach of private key architecture that is efficient symmetric AES Algorithm on the basis of attributes: encipherment and Decipherment and degree of security issues essential for safe wired and wireless communication. The work explores efficient private key algorithm based on security of individual system and to improve encipherment and Decipherment time with encipherment/Decipherment performance. The work opens a new direction over cloud security and internet of things.
The Internet of Things is a concept that is fast gaining recognition in the world today. It allows the various entities to be connected to each other through a network preferably the internet. Such is the popularity of the technology that by 2020, close to 100 billion devices will be connected to the internet. One of the most prominent and perhaps the main driver for the internet of thing is sensor data computing. Sensor data computing is a cloud-based utility that is provisioned as SaaS, IaaS, and PaaS. The main issues related to sensor data computation and internet of things should not be ignored such as problem with data storage and transfer, connecting remote assets, security issues etc. This paper addresses the main concerns that relate to the internet of things and sensor data computing. Focus is placed on how the two entities work together to deliver seamless services. Challenges and applicability of the two techniques are also discussed.
Lensless Smart Sensors (LSS) add optical and thermal sensing capabilities to the Internet of Things (IoT) in a form factor that cannot be achieved with traditional lensed systems. Different from lensed systems, LSS is based on diffraction instead of refraction, and different from other diffractive optical elements in that it can operate with a wide field of view (FOV) and over a wide wavelength band. LSS's use of computation to extract information from a captured scene makes LSS a good fit for applications where the goal is not to create an image for human consumption, but for machine viewing (e.g. to trigger actions in a connected device). Since the raw sensed image is encoded by the grating structure, LSS opens applications where the use of a camera would create privacy concerns. This paper describes the operational principle of LSS and discusses three examples in more detail.
Devices in the internet of things (IoT) are frequently (i) resource-constrained, and (ii) deployed in unmonitored, physically unsecured environments. Securing these devices requires tractable cryptographic protocols, as well as cost effective tamper resistance solutions. We propose and evaluate cryptographic protocols that leverage physical unclonable functions (PUFs): circuits whose input to output mapping depends on the unique characteristics of the physical hardware on which it is executed. PUF-based protocols have the benefit of minimizing private key exposure, as well as providing cost-effective tamper resistance. We present and experimentally evaluate an elliptic curve based variant of a theoretical PUF-based authentication protocol proposed previously in the literature. Our work improves over an existing proof-of-concept implementation, which relied on the discrete logarithm problem as proposed in the original work. In contrast, our construction uses elliptic curve cryptography, which substantially reduces the computational and storage burden on the device. We describe PUF-based algorithms for device enrollment, authentication, decryption, and digital signature generation. The performance of each construction is experimentally evaluated on a resource-constrained device to demonstrate tractability in the IoT domain. We demonstrate that our implementation achieves practical performance results, while also providing realistic security. Our work demonstrates that PUF-based protocols may be practically and securely deployed on low-cost resource-constrained IoT devices.
Testability analysis is a fundamental prerequisite to any fault location or parameter identification technique (FLPIT) for analog circuits. However, differently from the linear time-invariant field, this topic has been poorly investigated with regard to nonlinear circuits. In this paper, for the first time, to the best of our knowledge, the question is addressed with reference to periodically switched networks with dc stimuli (PSNDSs), a class of inherently nonlinear time-varying circuits that subsumes dc-dc converters as noteworthy members. A rigorous testability measure at both a circuit and a component level is thereby obtained, which provides information as to how many and which components can be unambiguously diagnosed or estimated from time-domain measurements. Consequently, it yields an upper bound, independent of the parameter values and the test instants, to the performance of whatever method actually employed as an FLPIT. This theoretical testability metric has been converted into an efficient computer program for the fully automated testability analysis of PSNDSs presented herein. Such a computer program represents the first practical testability gauge for PSNDSs: it can be employed by both test engineers and circuit designers as a guide to properly selecting injection and measurement points as well as estimating the number of necessary measurement instants, so as to shape their own FLPITs. Several examples are provided for which an in-depth pencil-and-paper testability analysis is contrasted with its automated counterpart provided by the aforementioned software: in particular, popular dc-dc converter topologies are thoroughly analyzed. Comparisons with a previously proposed frequency-domain testability measure are also considered.
In this paper, we focus on two methods that can be used to increase the resilience of remotely-deployed and unattended IoT devices that must operate without direct human intervention. The methods include adaptive messaging rates for power-constrained devices where the most energy intensive process involves the transmission and reception of data via wireless means, and data caching and replay for extended network connectivity outages. In this paper, we discuss how these techniques were applied in a real-world wireless IoT sensor network in Dublin, Ireland. Specifically, we show that: 1) The operating lifetime of a power-constrained device can be extended through the use of adaptive messaging rates 2) Sensor data backfilling following extended periods of network outages is a feasible method of preventing sensor data loss. We provide a example demonstrating that the operating lifetime of a power-constrained IoT device can be extended using the adaptive message rate approach. Additionally, we demonstrate how extended network connectivity outages can be recovered from using an elastic message cache approach. Finally, we conclude that the combination of both of these techniques are feasible methods to increase the resilience of real-world IoT devices operating in volatile power and wireless communications environments.
We explore the state of the art in solutions for low power wide area (LPWA) networks and technologies serving the Internet of Things (IoT) and Connectivity for Everything markets. These networks are forecast to capture up to 55% market share using battery-powered devices operating up to 10 years and link distances measured in tens of kilometers. In this paper, we survey two LPWA technologies; ultra-narrow band solutions by SigFox and the LoRa technology by Semtech. Both technologies operate in the licence-exempt industrial, scientific, &amp; medical (ISM) bands (EU 868 MHz / US 915 MHz). We survey both solutions in terms of physical layer (PHY) and associated medium access control (MAC) capabilities from an end-to-end system viewpoint. We then proceed to explore coverage ranges in eastern Ireland.We present results indicating a potential coverage area of 3,800 km<sup>2</sup> and from a real-world experimental test case involving the use of SigFox's technology operating over a 25 km test link between a 25 mW LPWA client test and a basestation. Finally, we provide example results demonstrating a received SNR consistently exceeding 20 dB over this test link distance.
The development of wireless power transfer for Internet of Things (IoT) application is proposed in this paper. For the IoT instrument, the delivered power dependents on the instrument load impedance and the coil distance. Hence, the transfer efficiency is determined by the load impedance and the coil distance. This paper investigates real instrument with different the load impedance and variation of the distance in magnetic resonance coils. To characterize the phenomenon, a circuit model is proposed to calculate the coil behavior in different load impedance and coil distance. Measurement result shows an optimal distance is obtained at a specified load impedance.
In recent years Wireless Sensor Networks have provided a effective solution for sensing and gathering spatial data by ZigBee protocol or other wireless network protocols. So the massive sensor data streams processing has reached many areas of monitoring application in internet of things. The sensor data streams constantly flow in and flow out of the monitoring system, cloud computing can provide a scalable storage and the massive data processing power to perform both online and offline analysis and mining of the heterogeneous sensor data streams. In order to support the classification of the sensor data streams, in this paper, a sensor data streams processing strategy is proposed based on Hoeffding tree algorithm for event monitoring application in cloud computing. The proposed strategy is sufficient for sensor data streams classification tasks using map-reduce platform of cloud computing. Finally, the possibilities of the strategy are demonstrated on spatial sensing data streams processing operations in comparison with existing solutions in the MapReduce environment. The simulation results show that the strategy achieves more energy savings and also ensures few amounts of sensor data retained in memory.
This paper studies the parameter estimation problem of Hammerstein output error moving average (OEMA) systems. According to the maximum likelihood principle and iterative identification technique, a maximum likelihood least squares iterative identification (ML-LSI) algorithm is proposed. A numerical example is provided to verify the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.
Printed electronics (PE) on flexible substrates is a promising technology for wearables and internet of things (IoT). To implement an integrated system on flexible substrates for applications ranging from medical imaging to disposable thermometers, robust design methodology based on unreliable printed components plays a critical role. This paper reviews robust design of printed circuits based on thin-film transistors (TFT). A novel design style known as Pseudo-CMOS [1], which can tackle several design challenges of TFT circuits, is also introduced. Design examples of Pseudo-CMOS circuits for applications in energy [2], healthcare [3], biomedical [4], and near-field communication (NFC) tags [5], [6] are discussed.
Wireless communication is one of the key topics in the time of internet of things (IOT) and industry 4.0. Every sensor or actor should be smart and able to communicate over a network and in many cases a wired network is not an option. For the use in industrial and measurement and control networks, the devices have to be synchronized via the wireless link as well. There are many different wireless technologies, most of them are radio based and not deterministic (reflections, retransmission, etc.) which makes them quite challenging for implementing the Precision Time Protocol (PTP). Instead of using radio based communication also free-space optical (FSO) communication e.g. infrared can be used. Serial infrared (SIR) is a very simple, short-range, limited-bandwidth, low-power, cheap and deterministic method to transfer data via a Universal Asynchronous Receiver Transmitter (UART) like protocol between multiple infrared nodes. The combination of PTP with SIR has been studied in this paper. Especially the timestamping and encapsulation of PTP frames has been analyzed in detail. An experimental implementation based on an FPGA transceiver is outlined and synchronization accuracy measurements done with different spacing between two nodes. Experimental results are presented that show that sub-microsecond synchronization via a wireless link can be achieved and that free-space optical communication can be an equally useful approach compared to radio communication if it comes to low-bandwidth, short-range wireless communication.
The application of information and communications technology to support urban operational decision makers has received vast interest from industry and academia. This has helped to mature several fields of research within the smart city domain, such as the internet of things, cybernetics, and informatics. However, these fields of research remain siloed, which leads to a clear gap in the literature. The paper recognizes the mentioned gap manifesting in a new smart urban area in Wales, UK, and presents a platform which intends to demonstrate the benefits of exploiting the synergies between these fields of research. Following consultation with various stakeholders at the pilot site, the platform utilizes advanced sensing, analytics, interoperability, and visualization components to provide valuable human-machine interactions to facility managers in the district. Delivering this high value knowledge in a timely, engaging, and accessible manner through advanced decision support interfaces. The paper presents the platform's software architecture, before discussing the decision support interface, intelligent web services, and interoperability components in more detail. The solution's key contributions beyond existing internet of things platforms are the use of a 3D game engine, machine learning and optimization web services, and the integration across the knowledge value chain. This knowledge integration is achieved through semantic modelling of the buildings, urban environment, socio-technical systems, and smart devices in the district.
The trends for smartphone and other mobile devices are more than ever for integration and lower cost. Meanwhile, a higher degree of functionality and performance, thinner profile, and longer battery life are some of the additional market drivers seen in these devices. The implications of these market drivers on the packaging content of mobile devices including internet of things (IoT) and wearable electronics (WE) are; higher performance designs, lower power consumption, lower cost, smaller form factor, thinner profile and higher level of integration. The emerging of advanced of silicon node technology down to 7/10 nanometer (nm) in support of higher performance, bandwidth and better power efficiency in mobile products push the boundaries of emerging packaging technologies to smaller form-factor packaging designs with finer line/spacing as well as improved thermal electrical/performance and integration of SiP or 3D capabilities. Advanced embedded Wafer Level Ball Grid Array (eWLB) technology provides a versatile platform for the semiconductor industry's technology evolution from single or multi-die 2D package designs to 2.5D interposers and 3D System-in-Package (SiP) configurations. This paper reports developments that extend multi-die, 3D PoP and 3D SiP applications with eWLB/FO-WLP technology, including ultra thin devices or/and with an interposer substrate attachment. Test vehicles have been designed and fabricated to demonstrate and characterize these low profile and integrated packaging solutions for mobile products including IoT/WE and MEMS/Sensor. Assembly process details and mechanical reliability characterizations are to be discussed with component and board level reliability results. Innovative structure optimization that provides dual advantages of both height reduction and enhanced package reliability are reported. To enable higher interconnection density and signal routing, packages with multi layer RDL and 2/2um fine line/width spacing are fabricated and implemented on the eWLB platform. Successful reliability and electrical characterization results on 3D eWLB-PoP / eWLB-SiP configurations are reported as an enabling technology for highly integrated, miniaturized, low profile and cost effective solutions.
This paper discussed the problem of propagation delay estimation of the received signals in a Direct Sequence Code Division Multiple Access (DS-CDMA) system operating over fading channels. To that end, an estimator based on subspace identification techniques is proposed. The contribution of our research lies in considering the correlation between different received multipath signals to design an efficient delay estimator by using forward spatial smoothing method. The simulation results confirm the validity of correlation consideration among received multipath signals for boosting the performance of delay estimator.
In this paper a novel class E power amplifier with high efficiency and low power consumption for internet of things (IOT) application is presented. It is shown that employing cross coupling neutralization and fully differential topology in class E power amplifier lead to high power efficiency, high power gain and better reverse isolation. The proposed class E amplifier can achieve 28.5 dBm output power to a 50&#x03A9; load at 2.4 GHz with 43.6% power added efficiency and 35.6 dB power gain. These results are verified by the circuit level simulations of the proposed PA that performed by 0.18&#x03BC;m standard CMOS technology.
High penetration of variable and non-programmable distributed generation has brought new challenges to the power system operation and is highlighting the need of a smarter grid. One of the key requirements in this regard is developing and deploying smart metering systems in distribution networks. In this paper we present the actual situation in the Italian distribution networks and we discuss the opportunities and challenges of applying new metering systems and introducing a flexible, multi-utility, multi-service metering architecture. Some off-the-shelf or prototype smart meters, selected to be tested in an ongoing European project, named FLEXMETER, are presented.
A Hydromechanical Variable Transmission is a device able to efficiently transmit non-constant mechanical torque from a source to a load. To suitably control this torque, Dana Rexroth has developed a hybrid transmission that combines a hydrostatic pathway and a mechanical one. The power transmitted along each pathway can be controlled by means of clutches. The torque and so the power transferred by each clutch depends on the oil pressure inside it. For this reason in this work we investigate a novel strategy for oil pressure control. First, we developed a simplified model for filled clutch systems and the related identification technique. Second, we developed a controller that ensures a fast rise time and a non-overshooting behavior. The controller synthesis relies on a convex Linear Matrix Inequalities formulation. The experimental tests show desirable rise time, overshoot and good robustness with respect to modeling errors and noise.
In this work, EEG spectral features of different subjects are uniquely mapped into a 2D feature space. Such distinctive 2D features pave the way to identify subjects from their EEG spectral characteristics in an unsupervised manner without any prior knowledge. First, we extract power spectral density of EEG signals in different frequency bands. Next, we use t-distributed stochastic neighbor embedding to map data points from high dimensional space in a visible 2D space. Such non-linear data embedding method visualizes different subjects' data points as well-separated islands in two dimensions. We use a fuzzy c-means clustering technique to identify different subjects without any prior knowledge. The experimental results show that our proposed method efficiently (precision greater than 90%) discriminates 10 subjects using only the spectral information within their EEG signals.
The power supply is one of the major challenges for applications like internet of things IoTs and smart home. The maintenance issue of batteries and the limited power level of energy harvesting is addressed by the integrated micro power supply presented in this paper. Connected to the 120/230 Vrms mains, which is one of the most reliable energy sources and anywhere indoor available, it provides a 3.3V DC output voltage. The micro power supply consists of a fully integrated ACDC and DCDC converter with one external low voltage SMD buffer capacitor. The micro power supply is fabricated in a low cost 0.35 &#x00B5;m 700V CMOS technology and covers a die size of 7.7mm<sup>2</sup>. The use of only one external low voltage SMD capacitor, results in an extremely compact form factor. The ACDC is a direct coupled, full wave rectifier with a subsequent bipolar shunt regulator, which provides an output voltage around 17V. The DCDC stage is a fully integrated 4&#x2236;1 SC DCDC converter with an input voltage as high as 17V and a peak efficiency of 45 %. The power supply achieves an overall output power of 3mW, resulting in a power density of 390&#x00B5;W/mm<sup>2</sup>. This exceeds prior art by a factor of 11.
In this paper we explored the underlying physics of sheet like waveguides to generate surface waves at metal-air interfaces to carry power and data transmission. The presented system is capable of transmitting 40W power along 1.2 m and 16 W along 4 m and across 80 mm metal wall. The system was able to achieve 2.13-3.46 Mbps data throughput using WIFI access-points across 2 metal floors separated by 25m,on an LNG carrier ship. Internet of things device charging application has also been presented.
Automatic identification of the author of a document has a variety of applications for both online and offline handwritten data such as facilitating the use of writer-dependent recognizer's verification of claimed identity for security, enabling personalized HCI and countering repudiations for legal purposes. Most of the existing writer identification techniques require the data to be from a specific text or a recognizer be available, which is not always feasible. Text-independent approaches often require large amount of data to be confident of good results. Unique offline text independent author identification methodology supported scale invariant feature remodel (SIFT), composed of coaching, enrollment, and identification stages. Altogether stages, associate degree identical LoG filter are initial wont to phase the handwriting image into word regions (WRs). Then, the SIFT descriptors (SDs) of WRs and also the corresponding scales and orientations (SOs) square measure extracted. Within the coaching stage, associate degree Coyote State codebook is made by agglomeration the SDs of coaching samples. Within the enrollment stage, the Coyote States of the input handwriting square measure adopted to make associate degree Coyote State signature (SDS) by trying up the SD codebook and also the SOs square measure utilized to get a scale and orientation bar graph (SOH). Within the identification stage, the SDS and sol of the input handwriting square measure extracted and matched with the registered ones for identification. Support Vectors Machines (SVM) have recently shown their ability in pattern recognition and classification.
Nowadays, the internet of things has been improved greatly with the progress of the sensor, big data, mobile Internet and other relative technologies. One water fountain with intelligent monitoring system based on the internet of things is discussed in this paper. The key parameters of the water fountain were derived from the sensors and transmitted the encrypted data by GPRS or WIFI net to central server automatically. The Access database was established according to the real time running data of each water fountain fixed everywhere. The unified database management and maintenance could be achieved with the PC interface application by the users or the server station administrator with different authority. Products applications show that this intelligent monitoring system could provide reliable real-time monitor, control the water fountain through internet and inform abnormal states of the machine to the administrator and the users in short message promptly.
Wireless localization plays an important role in the internet of things, such as the wireless sensor network and the smart grid. Therefore this paper investigates the time-sum-of-arrival (TSOA) based localization algorithm, where a two-step weighted least-squares algorithm is analytically derived according to the elliptical geometry. Meanwhile, the comparison between the proposed algorithm and the conventional time-difference-of-arrival (TDOA) algorithm is provided in detail. The simulation shows that the TSOA based algorithm produces a better performance than the TDOA based one in the environment with large range measurements.
The introduction of cyber physical systems into production companies is highly changing working conditions and processes as well as business models. In practice a growing discrepancy between big and small respectively medium-sized companies can be observed. Bridging that gap a university smart factory is introduced to give that companies a platform to trial, educate employees and access consultancy. Realizing the smart factory a highly integrated, open and standardized automation concept is shown comprising single devices, production lines up to a higher automation system maintaining a community or business models.
The anticipated 1000 fold increase in traffic demand over the next decade and the explosion of new services and applications, such as the internet of things (IoT), pose great challenges for the current 4G mobile network. Pattern division multiple access (PDMA), as a novel non-orthogonal multiple access scheme, has been proposed recently to address these challenges. The performance of PDMA uplink system mainly depends on the receiver algorithm. The conventional message pass algorithm (MPA) cannot fully exploit the benefits of the coded PDMA system. In this paper, we devise an advanced receiver via iterative detection and decoding (IDD) algorithm which fully exploits coding potentials and diversity gains of the PDMA. The simulation results show that IDD based advanced receiver obtains a performance improvement about 1.6 dB at block error rate (BLER) of 0.01 for 300% overload compared with the MPA based approach.
Domestic appliances normally used on daily basis are gradually transitioning into the third internet wave, the internet of things. Usually, the end user is the only qualified actor to identify poor performance of these appliances. Moreover, such bad performance only comes to attention in extreme cases, when the appliance is not functioning anymore. This work describes an intelligent, low cost system, which monitors the behavior of electrical magnitudes of domestic appliances in real time. The system is able to analyze the collected data, detect possible faults, and report this situation to the user. An IoT device, designed to be adapted to any old generation consumer electronic device, is part of the proposed system. The complete system is able to identify instant faults, as well as, predict the need for preventive maintenance. The user interface makes use of digital TV, mobile devices, or conventional computers to warn householders about necessary interventions.
We developed a stretchable, flexible, and wearable antenna capable of being mounted onto nonplanar surfaces, such as the human skin, for use in wireless physiological monitoring. The implications of our manufacturing process is an antenna that can easily be applied to any surface, including epidermis, with full functionality after tuning of the antenna post manufacturing to its desired operational frequency. Both simulation and prototype measurements are in agreement. During testing, the antenna was mounted on a subject's biceps as the patient performed a stress test, demonstrating the desired antenna function as it was stretched, flexed and exposed to sweat. The antenna was tested at a functioning system level and was able to communicate via Bluetooth low energy (BLE) up to 150ft employing an iOS smart-phone application.
In this study, we present and evaluate a novel method to estimate multi-joint leg impedance, using a robotic gait training device. The method is based on multi-input-multi-output system identification techniques and is designed for continuous torque perturbations at the hip and knee joint simultaneously. Eight elderly subjects (age 67-82) performed relax and position tasks in three different leg orientations. Multi-joint impedance was estimated nonparametrically and was subsequently modeled in terms of inertia and (inter)joint stiffness and damping. The results indicate that all stiffness and damping parameters were significantly higher during the position task compared to the relax task. The majority of the stiffness and damping parameters were not significantly affected by leg orientation. The results also emphasize the importance of considering the visco-elastic coupling between joints when modeling multi-joint dynamics. Measuring joint stiffness with the same device that is used for robotic gait training allows convenient testing of joint properties in conjunction with the robotic gait training protocol. These measures might serve as a good basis for quantitative assessment and follow up of patients with abnormal joint stiffness due to neurological disorders, and may reveal how changes in these joint properties affect their gait function.
