111, 83 , 280,  298,  452,  331,  195,  266,  296,    126,0
A mathematical approach of modeling and analyzing three-phase pulsewidth modulation (PWM) is presented. The three-phase flyback converter required a unique pattern of PWM to optimize the power transfer in the magnetic circuit used in the converter. The three-phase PWM is generated digitally based on uniform symmetrical sampling technique using Xilinx chip. The generated PWM pattern is able to reduce the magnitude of the low order of harmonic components present in the input ac supply. Although software simulation could simulate the PWM pattern, it does not represent the exact pattern as being generated digitally. The mathematical approach used is to model the PWM pattern exactly as being created digitally. The proposed mathematical technique could also be used to analyze any digital PWM. The result of the mathematical analysis on the PWM pattern could be used to study the characteristics of the pattern such as maximum and minimum value of duty cycle, pulsewidth, turn-on time, turn-off time, and modulation index. To verify the validity of the proposed technique, the results obtained from the mathematical model, experimental, and simulation using PSpice were compared. </para>
In this paper we show the difficulties encountered when performing full system simulation of a distributed memory parallel system. To illustrate the problem, we have chosen a workbench that evaluates the impact on application performance of some simple congestion-control mechanism that can be implemented in the interconnection network. Applications of choice are some of those included in the NAS Parallel Benchmarks. Running a full-system, execution-driven simulation that combines Simics with an interconnection network simulator, we observe some unexpected, negative interactions of overlapping congestion control techniques implemented at the network level and at the host level. Each MPI implementation uses a different protocol stack, and some of them work without TCP. We compare and contrast results obtained with MPICH, LA-MPI and LAM..
An observing system simulation experiment is developed to test tradeoffs in resolution and accuracy for soil moisture estimation using active and passive L-band remote sensing. Concepts for combined radar and radiometer missions include designs that will provide multiresolution measurements. In this paper, the scientific impacts of instrument performance are analyzed to determine the measurement requirements for the mission concept. The ensemble Kalman smoother (EnKS) is used to merge these multiresolution observations with modeled soil moisture from a land surface model to estimate surface and subsurface soil moisture at 6-km resolution. The model used for assimilation is different from that used to generate &ldquo;truth.&rdquo; Consequently, this experiment simulates how data assimilation performs in real applications when the model is not a perfect representation of reality. The EnKS is an extension of the ensemble Kalman filter (EnKF) in which observations are used to update states at previous times. Previous work demonstrated that it provides a computationally inexpensive means to improve the results from the EnKF, and that the limited memory in soil moisture can be exploited by employing it as a fixed lag smoother. Here, it is shown that the EnKS can be used in large problems with spatially distributed state vectors and spatially distributed multiresolution observations. The EnKS-based data assimilation framework is used to study the synergy between passive and active observations that have different resolutions and measurement error distributions. The extent to which the design parameters of the EnKS vary depending on the combination of observations assimilated is investigated. </para>
A novel varactor-tuned compact multiband slim antenna for covering the digital cellular system (DCS; 17101880 MHz), personal communication service (PCS; 18501990 MHz), universal mobile telecommunications system (UMTS; 19002200 MHz), WiBro (23002390 MHz), and wireless LAN (WLAN; 51505350 and 57255850 MHz) bands is presented. The proposed antenna consists of a main patch and a planar inverted-L (PIL) patch with a feed line for the broadband characteristic. A varactor diode is attached to the radiating element for frequency shift. This antenna occupied in a total volume of 27 mm$,times,$11 mm$,times,$5 mm can be easily placed in commercial mobile handsets. The computer simulation technology (CST) microwave studio is used to design and optimize the antenna. We found good agreement between the simulated and measured results. </para>
The field of optimisation covers a great multitude of principles, methods and frameworks aimed at maximisation of an objective under constraints. However, the classical optimisation can not be easily applied in the context of computer-based systems architecture as there is not enough knowledge concerning the dependencies between non-functional qualities of the system. Out approach is based on the simulation optimisation methodology where the system simulation is first created to assess the current state of the design with respect to the objectives. The results of the simulation are used to construct a Bayesian Belief Network which effectively becomes a base for an objective function and serves as the main source of the decision support pertaining to the guidance of the optimisation process. The potential effects of each proposed change or combination of changes is then examined by updating and re-evaluating the system simulation.
This paper describes a software system for rapid, coding-free development of interactive simulations in Web pages. The core of the system is a library of reusable objects based on the NumberLinX (NLX) architecture: GUI objects for user-controlled inputs, output displays, and controls, along with calculation objects and a manager linking all the objects. The development system included an NLX library, an application program for entering the model description, and integration of the NLX objects into a commercial Web design program for page construction.
This contribution presents developments and trend for the structure of new simulation systems, or for extensions of existing simulation systems, in order to handle structuraldynamics systems in an adequate manner. The paper first introduces the CSSL standard for continuous system simulation and its consequences. In the following, discrete elements in continuous modelling and simulation; in more detail event structures are discussed and state events are classified. Thereby, the class of structural-dynamic systems is introduced: State events, changing the dimension of the state space, generate structural-dynamic systems. The paper continues with recent modelling standards in continuous modelling and simulation. There, Modelica and VHDL-AMS are leaving the classic input/output -- related modelling methods and introduce non-causal modelling on a high level, including implicit models and state events associated with state events. Both new standards, extending and replacing the CSSL standard for the model frame, emphasise on continuous and hybrid modelling; but also especially Modelica allows defining pure discrete model constructs based on events, state charts, and Petri nets. The main chapter concentrates on new proposals for extending model frame and experimental frame of simulation systems, mainly in order to handle structural-dynamic systems properly. There, features of two competing ?philosophies? are sketched, maximal state space versus hybrid decomposition. The paper concludes with a concept for generalisation of the experimental frame, leaving the limits of pure time domain analysis.

This paper proposes a new development method for highly reliable real-time embedded control systems using a CPU model-based hardware/software co-simulation. We take an approach that allows the full simulation of the virtual mechanical control system including the mechatronics plant, microcontroller hardware and object code level software. This full virtual system simulation reveals the control system behavior, especially in microcontroller hardware and software. It enables microarchitecture design space exploration, control design validation, robustness evaluation of the system, software optimization before components design, and prevents potential problems. A novel aspect of this work is that the proposed virtual control system comprises all the components in a typical control system, therefore it enables the analysis of the effects from the different domains, for example the mechanical analysis of behavior due to a control software bug. To help the design, evaluation and analysis, we developed an integrated behavior analyzer into the development environment. This can display the processor behavior graphically during the simulation without affecting the simulation results, such as task level CPU load, interrupt statistics and software variable transition chart. This analyzer provides useful information on the behavior. No software modification is necessary for this virtual system analysis, and this analysis does not change the control timing and does not require any processing power on the target microcontroller. Therefore this method is suitable for real-time embedded control system design, in particular automotive control system design which requires high level reliability, robustness, quality and safety. In this paper, a Renesas SH-2A microcontroller model was developed on a CoMETTMplatform from VaST Systems Technology. An ETC (Electronic Throttle Control) system is chosen as the plant to prove this concept. The ETB (Electronic Throttle Body) model on Saber..R s-imulator from Synopsys..R was co-simulated with the SH-2A model. The SH-2A chip was under development during this project, nevertheless we could complete the OSEK OS development, control software design and verification using the virtual system. We confirmed that such software could run on an actual ETC hardware system without modification after a working sample chip was released at a later stage in the course of this work. This demonstrates that our models and simulation environment are sufficiently credible and trustful.
Maintenance operations have a great impact in the security and life expectancy of any product. Virtual Reality can help reducing costs and design time by moving testing from physical mock-ups to virtual ones. VR allows the application of additional tools not possible in a physical mock-up. The increase in power of current computers allows their use not only for visualization and interaction but also for geometrical analysis and reasoning. These capabilities provide designers with tools that can increase their productivity. This paper proposes methods for the generation of selective disassembly plans and the generation of collision free trajectories in the context of interactive simulation of maintenance operations. These methods provide a design team with additional tools to asses a design, prior to the construction of physical mock-ups and, therefore, reducing the cost of a project.
Fast evaluation of multiple-output Boolean functions with the smallest memory footprint is often required in embedded systems. The paper describes a novel method of linked tables for representation and evaluation of Boolean functions and compares it with traditional methods; PLAs from the MCS-51 microcontroller are used for comparison. Traditional methods use masks to emulate PLA one way or another. The suggested method of linked tables is based on iterative disjunctive decomposition and leads only to a series of table look-ups. Linked tables are also shown to be equivalent to specific "in-line" decision diagrams. They proved to be most flexible in making trade-offs between performance and memory space. The method of linked tables may be quite useful for embedded microprocessor or microcontroller software as well as for digital system simulation.
Till nowadays, MEMS design suffers from the lake of efficient and easy-to-use simulation tools considering the complete MEMS design procedure, from individual MEMS component design to complete system simulation. Finite element analysis (FEA) methods offer high efficiency and are widely used to model and simulate the behaviour of MEMS components. However, as MEMS are subject to multiple coupled physical phenomena at process level, such as initial stress, mechanical contact, temperature, thermoelastic, electromagnetic effects, which highly affects the component, we need to integrate these effects in our model. Doing so, finite element models may involve large numbers of degrees of freedom so that full simulation can be prohibitively time consuming. As a consequence, designers must simplify models or concentrate on interesting results in order to obtain accurate but fast solution. Some multiphysics' softwares, such as COMSOL [3], allow Reduced Order Modeling (ROM) or macro models which considers the global behaviour of the device. Thus designers can create automatically, for example, their own Simulink (Matlab ?) library from a multiphysics finite element modelization, in order to develop a global behavioural model of the whole component. This work deals with a Simulink macro model, generated from a three-dimensional multiphysics finite element analysis (FEA) using COMSOL, aiming to investigate the pull-in and pull-out voltage of microswitches.
In this paper, we present an advanced triggering method for digital oscilloscopes for measurements involving complex waveforms that are challenging even today. Based on the associative-memory technique and on utilizing a new weighted-hamming-distance parameter, this technique is capable of providing stable oscilloscope triggering, even for complex waveforms where the commonly used voltage level triggering method fails to perform adequately. The proposed technique has been verified by exhaustive software simulations using M<emphasis emphasistype="smcaps">atlab </emphasis> and Xilinx foundation series softwares. Furthermore, the technique has been implemented and validated on a XCV300EPQ240 field-programmable gate array device and has given successful initial results using several different kinds of test waveforms. </para>
The ongoing trend of increasing computer hardware and software complexity has resulted in the increase in complexity and overheads of cycle-accurate processor system simulation, especially in full-system simulation which not only simulates user applications, but also the Operating System (OS) and system libraries. This paper seeks to address how to accelerate full-system simulation through studying, characterizing, and predicting the performance behavior of OS services. Through studying the performance behavior of OS services, we found that each OS service exhibits multiple but limited behavior points that are repeated frequently. OS services also exhibit application-specific performance behavior and largely irregular patterns of occurrences. We exploit the observation to speed up full system simulation. A simulation run is divided into two non-overlapping periods: a learning period in which performance behavior of instances of an OS service are characterized and recorded, and a prediction period in which detailed simulation is replaced with a much faster emulation mode. During a prediction period, the behavior signature of an instance of an OS service is obtained through emulation while performance of the instance is predicted based on its signature and records of the OS service?s past performance behavior. Statistically-rigorous algorithms are used to determine when to switch between learning and prediction periods. We test our simulation acceleration method with a set of OS-intensive applications and a recent version of Linux OS running on top of a detailed processor and memory hierarchy model implemented on Simics, a popular full-system simulator.
The high speed and faithfulness of state?of?the?art Virtual Machines (VMs) make them the ideal front-end for a system simulation framework. However, VMs only emulate the functional behavior and just provide the minimal timing for the system to run correctly. In a simulation framework supporting the exploration of different configurations, a timing backend is still necessary to accurately determine the performance of the simulated target. As it has been extensively researched, sampling is an excellent approach for fast timing simulation. However, existing sampling mechanisms require capturing information for every instruction and memory access. Hence, coupling a standard sampling technique to a VM implies disabling most of the "tricks" used by a VM to accelerate execution, such as the caching and linking of dynamically compiled code. Without code caching, the performance of a VM is severely impacted. In this paper we present a novel dynamic sampling mechanism that overcomes this problem and enables the use of VMs for timing simulation. By making use of the internal information collected by the VM during functional simulation, we can quickly assess important characteristics of the simulated applications (such as phase changes), and activate or deactivate the timing simulation accordingly. This allows us to run unmodified OS and applications over emulated hardware at near-native speed, yet providing a way to insert timing measurements that yield a final accuracy similar to state?of?the?art sampling methods.
A new approach to power optimization of the sigma delta modulators was presented based on the modeling of noise performance while deciding its system functions and the sub-circuit specifications. And a system model of a 2nd order modulator with a Matlab algorithm to optimize its power specifications was developed. The system simulation results showed that all specifications were consistent with the expectations well. By using the proposed architecture, a resolution of 16-bit was achieved.
The interactive simulation environment for training (and/or analysis) of military operations is presented as the Simulation Based Operational Training Support System (SBOTSS). The system was constructed in order to provide cost-effective approach of Computer Assisted Exercises and it is an integrated, interactive, many-sided land, analysis and training support model based on particular components equipped with combat, logistics, engineering, electronic warfare and intelligence functions. The idea and model of command and control process applied for the decision automata at the tactical level are presented. The automata executes the two main processes: decision planning process and direct combat control. The decision planning process relating to the automata contains three stages: the identification of a decision situation, the generation of decision variants (course of actions) the variants evaluation and nomination the best variant of these, which satisfy the proposed criteria. The particular approach to identification of decision situation and variants of action are presented. The procedure of variants generation based on some kind of pre-simulation process contains the evaluation module, which allows us the best choice of action plan according to specified criteria. The direct combat control process contains such phases, like command, reporting and reaction to fault situations. Some results of the simulation process including the decisions made by automata is considered. The calibration process on the basis of battle scenarios is described and presented.
Delay testing is mandatory for guaranteeing the correct behavior of today驴s high-performance microprocessors. Several methodologies have been proposed to tackle this issue resorting to additional hardware or to software self-test techniques. Software techniques are particularly promising as they resort to Assembly programs in normal mode of operation, without requiring circuit modifications; however, the problem of generating effective and efficient test programs for path-delay fault detection is still open. This paper presents an innovative approach for the generation of path-delay self-test programs for microprocessors, based on an evolutionary algorithm and on ad-hoc software simulation/hardware emulation heuristic techniques. Experimental results show how the proposed methodology allows generating suitable test programs in reasonable times.<
The introduction of chip multiprocessors (CMPs) presents new challenges and trade-offs to computer architects. Architects must now strike a balance between the number of cores per chip versus the amount of on-chip cache and the cost-efficient amount of pin bandwidth. Technology projections indicate that the cost of pin bandwidth will increase significantly and may therefore inhibit the number of processor cores per CMP. Runahead execution is a very promising approach to tolerate long memory latencies. In this paper we study the memory access characteristics of runahead execution. We show that temporal and data dependency aspects of runa-head execution makes it possible to conserve bandwidth through the use of smaller cache blocks in the cache. We demonstrate, using execution-driven full system simulation, that our method of fine-grained fetching can obtain significant performance speedups in bandwidth constrained systems but also yield stable performance in systems that are not bandwidth limited.
PROTOFLEX is an FPGA-accelerated hybrid simulation/emulation platform designed to support large-scale multiprocessor hardware and software research. Unlike prior attempts at FPGA multiprocessor system emulators, PROTOFLEx emulates full-system fidelityi.e., runs stock commercial operating systems with I/O support. This is accomplished without undue effort by leveraging a hybrid emulation technique called transplanting. Our transplant technology uses FPGAs to accelerate only common-case behaviors while relegating infrequent, complex behaviors (e.g., I/O devices) to software simulation. By working in concert with existing full-system simulators, transplanting avoids the costly and unnecessary construction of the entire target system in FPGA. We report preliminary findings from a working hybrid PROTOFLEx emulator of an UltraSPARC workstation running Solaris 8. We have also started developing a novel multiprocessor emulation approach that interleaves the execution of many (10s to 100s) processor contexts onto a shared emulation engine. This approach decouples the scale and complexity of the FPGA hostfrom the simulated system size but neverthe-less enables us to scale the desired emulation performance by the number of emulation engines used. Together, the transplant and interleaving techniques will enable us to develop full-system FPGA emulators of up to thousands of processors without an overwhelming development effort.
Software time-domain simulation models are useful to the naval engineering community both for the system design of future vessels and for the in-service support of existing vessels [1]. For future platforms, the existence of a model of the vessel's electrical power system provides a means of assessing the performance of the system against defined requirements. This could be at the stage of requirements definition, bid assessment or any subsequent stage in the design process. For in-service support of existing platforms, the existence of a model of the vessel's electrical power system provides a means of assessing the possible cause and effect of operational defects reported by ship's staff, or of assessing the possible future implications of some change in the equipment line-up or operating conditions for the vessel. Detailed high fidelity time-domain simulation of systems, however, can be problematic due to extended execution time. This arises from the model's mathematically stiff nature: models of Integrated Electric Propulsion systems can also require significant computational resource. A conventional time-domain software simulation model is only able to utilize a single computer processor at any one time. The duration of time required to obtain results from a software model could be significantly reduced if more computer processors were utilized simultaneously. This paper details the development of a distributed simulation environment. This environment provides a mechanism for partitioning a time-domain software simulation model and running it on a cluster of computer processors.
The matrix converter (MXC) is an AC-to-AC direct power conversion system that can generate variable voltage variable frequency output. It is fully regenerative and has sinusoidal input current with unity power factor. MXC is the power conversion system paid widely attention from the viewpoint of environmental harmony. MXC system consists of small input LC filter and nine bi-directional switches. By employing a suitable PWM technique, these switches can control the output voltages and input current. We proposed control method based on two-phase modulation PWM and favorable input current characteristic was confirmed by experimental results. However, a detailed analysis of MXC in the real system was difficult because of complex control method and the voltage error for current commutation. In this paper, the entire system simulation model is created for detailed analysis such as the input current distortion. This model consists of the actual hardware model and the control program model. A detailed analysis concerning the input current distortion and motor drive performances were made through the simulation model.
Logic simulators are still the most popular verification tools, and they can provide full controllability and visibility during the verification process. However, their simulation speed is too slow for a large amount of input patterns. Higher speeds are possible with hardware emulation such as FPGAs. But, because of poor visibility in the FPGAs, it is very hard to debug using this approach. The work described in this article focuses on building similar debugging capabilities for low-cost FPGAs that currently are available only in expensive emulators, such as the full visibility provided by software simulators. The authors propose an efficient approach to record an FPGA's internal behavior and replay the interesting period of time in a software simulator. High simulation speed is still possible with this approach because most simulation efforts are completed in the FPGA. Besides this, full visibility and a better debugging environment can be provided in the software simulation while replaying the time frames with errors. To reduce hardware overhead, the authors also propose an algorithm to minimize the amount of recorded data. Experimental results confirm the efficiency of using this approach.
Accurate analog models of power system components are required in order to realize an analog computation engine for power systems. Analog computation is an area of continued interest and has certain advantages over traditional digital computation. Among the advantages are physically realizable solutions and significantly faster computation times. This paper focuses on the development of a tap changing transformer model designed for a previously proposed method of analog power flow computation. Prior research in this field has modeled generators, loads and transmission lines. The transformer model proposed here provides a more accurate depiction of the network and captures the switching behavior of tap changing transformers. The transformer is modeled in analog form and a controller for the tap changing was developed in digital form. The model is verified via software simulation.
FPGA prototyping is preferred over software simulations for its more convincing & realistic behaviours and fast simulation time. However, it is usually possible after the RTL design is done, which prevents extensive design space exploration. This paper describes an early-stage FPGA prototyping flow, which starts from C sources, through hardware/software partitioning with transaction-level modelling (TLM), to the RTL design. We also propose a FPGA-customized multithreaded emulation engine for TLM prototyping. Compared with the OpenRISC core, the proposed engine saves 43.08%datapath complexity while improving the operating frequency by 60.67%. Moreover, our FPGA prototype for JPEG at TLM can compress 37.16 color QCIF frames per second, which is 4.5X faster than SystemC simulation on a 3GHz PentiumD PC.
Use of wireless biomedical sensor networks in complex clinical diagnostics and treatments may provide greater flexibility for both patient and medical staff as some of the same sensors could follow the patient throughout the cycle of treatment. A typical scenario from an intensive care unit, with data from three vital sign sensors, is used as an example for both hardware and software simulations. Our results show that data throughput in such biomedical networks is greatly depended on packet size while competing for channel access. A new scheduling algorithm has been proposed for multi-hop networks. Some of the hardware limitations are identified, where the trade off between hardware and software systems is demonstrated.
We propose a new glass break detector analog front-end to replace simple signal threshold or signal slope threshold methods that normally trigger modern power-intensive DSP-based glass break detectors. The new front-end extracts features related to the total signal energy, high-band energy, and zero-crossings using analog circuits and inputs these into a novel analog classifier circuit that determines if a given 20 ms window of sound resulted from glass breaking. We present TSMC 0.35驴m SPICE system simulation results of the front-end, using actual sound files from a sound database to drive the simulations. Through these simulations we show the utility of using analog circuits for both feature extraction and classification. Using a developmental database of glass break sounds and non-glass break sounds that includes the categories of noise, music, and speech, the analog front-end has 100%testing accuracy.<
A multi-mission micro-satellite is presently being built by the Satellite Engineering Centre, Nanyang Technological University. Among the various sub-systems, the power supply is one of the most critical parts of the satellite. Its primary and secondary power sources, namely the solar array and the battery as well as the various power converters are responsible for supplying the power with well regulated voltages to the satellite throughout the whole mission. To test and measure the performance/reliability of the system with the satellite operating in different simulated space scenarios, a virtual instrument based test and measurement system has been developed. Experimental results obtained from the setup have shown that the system is a valuable tool providing data that is difficult to obtain from analysis and software simulation.
In many real time interactive simulations the problem of interest management is that of filtering updates through application-specified range queries. This "associative' form of memory access is often implemented more simply as a reference memory access pattern by discretising the n- Dimensional space in to "cells'. Range queries then being mapped on to this discretised form. In this paper we leverage previous work on optimising communication in reference memory access systems to provide the same optimisation to associative memory access systems. We define possible semantics of range queries and present three designs along with an analysis of the problem in various applications domains and a discussion of the viability of our designs for each problem domain.
This paper describes an UWB RCS/antenna planar near field (PNF) measurement system under construction to get the wideband RCS or the impulse response and transient characteristic of UWB antenna. A metal plate's bistatic RCS measurement under TD-PNF was simulated and also was compared with the FD-PNF measurement result. The results show good agreement. Unlike the conventional antenna or RCS time domain test system, the UWB radar signal instead of the no-carrier short time pulse was used to excite the antenna that can avoid the decrease of the dynamic range. FDTD is used to calculate the transient E-field of M脳N points in a fictitious plane just like the actual PNF sampling signals in the time domain (TD). The calculated results can be considered the actual oscilloscope's sampling output signals. Through time domain near to far field transform, we get the almost same radiation pattern comparing to the FD measurement and the software simulation results.<
This paper presents a combined hardware/software simulation framework for testing and evaluating decentralized control methodologies for integrated mechanical and electrical systems on board US Navy ships. Integrated ship system control is a challenging domain as it involves a set of highly complex and inter-dependent systems, including electrical power, HVAC, and an underlying communications network. This control problem is especially difficult when damage events or current operational objectives require collaboration between the individual systems to make intelligent trade-offs that maximize overall effectiveness.
In this paper, we present a hybrid local positioning and communication system under development within the scope of the EU funded RESOLUTION project. Very stringent requirements to positioning accuracy combined with tight bandwidth limitations demand innovative approaches to combat channel multipath effects. Closely spaced multipath components are the dominant cause of error in the system. Results of system simulations utilizing indoor channel scenarios and measurements using a discrete prototype are presented to prove the possibility of achieving the design goals in spite of limiting spectral regulations.
Evaluating the performance of distributed applications, such as mobile telephone or video conferencing devices, has become increasingly complex as the diversity of scenarios and data rates in networks increase. In this paper, we present the design and implementation of RplTrc, a network emulation tool. RplTrc uses traces to drive interceptions of the Linux protocol stack to delay, drop or duplicate packets. The length of traces is not limited. Thus, unlike other well-known emulators such as NIST Net or the emulator module in the Linux 2.6 kernel, RplTrc is capable to account for important performance characteristics inherent to real networks such as long-range dependence and self-similarity of cross-traffic. Tests show that RplTrc installed on a commodity PC is capable to emulate a 100MBit/s or a lightly-loaded 1GBit/s network and has a precision in reproducing packet delays in the order of 100 驴s. RplTrc thus enables extensive performance evaluation of distributed applications in lab environments.<
Information security and assurance is a rapidly developing area therefore government and industry have high demand for information security professionals. This paper reports collaboration activities between North Carolina A&T State University (NC A&T SU) and University of North Carolina (UNC) Charlotte as well as results and lessons learned. Leveraging the strength of the Department of Software Engineering and Information System at UNC Charlotte the Department of Computer Science at NC A&T SU has established the new Information Assurance (IA) concentration undergraduate curriculum. Four new IA courses, five IA interactive simulation software packages and two isolated IA laboratories are developed. Faculty members in both universities have collaborated to manage and mentor the Cyber-Defender programs, host IA and Cyber Security symposiums, submit proposals, advise graduate students and publish papers. The outcome exhibits that the collaboration between the majority and minority universities serves as a pathway for the minority university to build competencies in information assurance, and bridged the widening "information assurance gap" between majority and minority universities.
This paper presents an overview of the InterPSS project - an Internet technology based open-source power system simulation software development project, and discusses its system architecture, development process, extension mechanism and testing process. InterPSS features an open architecture, allowing advanced user to plugin additional modules to augment its functionality and/or change its behavior. InterPSS could potentially become an Internet-based platform for user participation, collaboration and further innovation in the area of power system simulation.
The accuracy of the load parameters has great effects on the validity of power system simulation. Based on PMU/WAMS, considering the requirements of online simulation, prediction and control, this paper systematically proposes an approach for fast online identification of the dominant parameters of composite load. The approach includes four parts, i.e., the dominance analysis of parameters, the transformation from state equation model to volterra model, mapping of the two types of models based on pattern classification and the fast online identification. Our research shows that the proposed approach can reduce the number of parameters to be identified, and can identify the dominant load parameters very quickly with only a few measurements. Simulation results on a provincial system have verified the effectiveness of the proposed approach.
Quantifying the overall risk of blackout due to cascading failure and determining the coresponding safe limits for power system design and operation are challenging problems. Large blackouts involve long, complicated and diverse cascades of events that often are unlikely or unexpected. An exhaustive and detailed analysis of these cascading events before the blackout occurs is imposible because of the huge number of posible combinations of unlikely events. Despite these challenges, approaches to quantify the overall risk of blackouts are emerging and we give a tutorial account reviewing these emerging approaches and their prospects. We summarize the implications for blackout risk of the powerlaw region in the observed distribution of sizes of North American blackouts. High-level probabilistic models of cascading failure and power system simulations suggest that there is a critical loading at which expected blackout size sharply increases and there is a power law in the distribution of blackout size. This critical loading could serve as a reference point for determining the "edge" for cascading failure risk. We model cascading failure as an initial disturbance that sometimes propagates to become much more widespread. The size of the initial disturbance and the average amount of propagation of the failures can be estimated from data from simulated cascades. We suggest that these estimates could be used to efficiently quantify the blackout risk.
This paper presents a two prong approach to the validation of the Cell Controller being developed for advanced grid management in the presence of significant renewable and distributed generation embedded within distribution networks. A laboratory with configurable distributed generation sources, utility load simulators, wind turbine simulators, and high speed frequency and voltage compensators is used for physically validating the operation of the controller. The controls are then embedded within a network modeling and simulation tool for validating the operation of the controller against physical lab experiments. Once the software simulation and lab experiments provide consistent results, the solution can be scaled up for field deployment.
This paper gives an overview of dynamic modeling for energy systems related to vapor compression cycles. Basic components of these systems are described and equations of state are developed. For the heat exchangers, these equations of state are based on a moving boundary models. A reduction of system model order, and insight into primary dynamic modes, is presented. These reduced order models are an aid to control and diagnostic approaches. After developing the models, a software simulation environment, termed Thermosys, is introduced and used to validate the modeling efforts using a benchtop experimental system. Finally, a brief overview of control strategies is given. The intent is to present the typical controls engineer with a starting point for understanding and controlling these types of systems.
In this paper, an approach based on theoretical calculations to improve the characteristics of a realised switched tubular linear stepping motor, in terms of losses and clutter is presented. Firstly, a Joule and iron losses study for a constant magneto motive force are considered allowing several solutions permitting to reduce these losses. Secondly, a synthetic study of the developed force and the electromagnetic induction is provided. The tendency to increase the motor force and to attenuate the induction saturation, in different regions of one module of the concerned motor, had leaded to many improvement possibilities. The finite element software simulations along with the test-error method are used to select the appropriate stepping motor geometry. By analysing the iron losses expressions, an appropriate solution that reduces significantly the losses. Finally, an optimum airgap obtained by both using the numerical simulations and considering threshold magnetic constraint has conducted to a related developed force.
In this paper system level parameters for the compression behavior as well as second and third order distortions of a six-port communications receiver with analog I/Q regeneration are determined by system simulations. The parameter values are qualified for a range of local oscillator (LO) signal powers. A recommendation for a well-suited LO signal power is derived from the resulting parameter plot. The recommended LO signal power is supported by investigation of the receiver's conversion efficieny. The results are also valid for other ways of I/Q regeneration based on passive mixing.
This paper presents a dynamic nonlinear behavioral model of the RF frontend of a passive RFID transponder for use in single-reader system simulations. By using this model the simulation time for antenna optimizations can be reduced considerably. In addition to the reduction of the simulation effort, the model hides the physical implementation and intellectual properties. A mixed time-domain/frequency-domain formulation is introduced for faster model parameter identification. Feedforware multi-layer-perceptron artificial-neural-networks have been used for the nonlinear multivariate system mapping.
The results of a range of experimental characterization exercises of interferometric noise (IN) for the case of a representative 2-D time spreading wavelength-hopping (2-D TW) optical code family are presented. Interferometric noise is evaluated at a data rate of 2.5 Gbps within an OCDMA network emulation test bed established utilising fibre Bragg grating encoders/decoders. The results demonstrate that this form of noise introduces significant system power penalties and must be taken into consideration in any OCDMA network designs and implementations.
The implementation and the fault simulation technique for the highly reliable digital design using two FPGAs under a processor control is presented. Two FPGAs are used for duplex system design, each including the combination of totally self-checking blocks based on parity predictors to obtain better dependability parameters. Combinatorial circuit benchmarks have been considered in all our experiments and computations. A Totally Self-Checking analysis of duplex system is supported by experimental results from our proposed FPGA fault simulator, where SEU-fault resistance is observed. Our proposed hardware fault simulator is compared also with the software simulation. An area overhead of individual parts implemented in each FPGA is also discussed.
The multivariate Gaussian distribution models random processes as vectors of Gaussian samples with a fixed correlation matrix. Such distributions are useful for modelling real-world multivariate time-series such as equity returns, where the returns for businesses in the same sector are likely to be correlated. Generating random samples from such a distribution presents a computational challenge due to the dense matrix-vector multiplication needed to introduce the required correlations. This paper proposes a hardware architecture for generating random vectors, utilising the embedded block RAMs and multipliers found in contemporary FPGAs. The approach generates a new n dimensional random vector every n clock cycles, and has a raw generation rate over 200 times that of a single Opteron 2.2GHz using an optimised BLAS package for linear algebra computation. The generation architecture is an ideal source for both software simulations connected via high bandwidth connection, and for completely FPGA based simulations. Practical performance is explored in a case study in Delta-Gamma Value-at-Risk, where a standalone Virtex-4 xc4vsx55 solution at 400 MHz is 33 times faster than a quad Opteron 2.2GHz SMP. The FPGA solution also scales well for larger problem sizes, allowing larger portfolios to be simulation.
This paper proposes optimizations of the methods and parameters used in both mathematical approximation and hardware design for logarithmic number system (LNS) arithmetic. First, we introduce a general polynomial approximation approach with an adaptive divide-in-halves segmentation method for evaluation of LNS arithmetic functions. Second, we develop a library generator that automatically generates optimized LNS arithmetic units with a wide bit-width range from 21 to 64 bits, to support LNS application development and design exploration. The basic arithmetic units are tested on practical FPGA boards as well as software simulation. When compared with existing LNS designs, our generated units provide in most cases 6%to 37%reduction in area and 20%to 50%reduction in latency. The key challenge for LNS remains on the application level. We show the performance of LNS versus floating-point for realistic applications: digital sine/cosine waveform generator, matrix multiplication and radiative Monte Carlo simulation. Our infrastructure for fast prototyping LNS FPGA applications allows us to efficiently study LNS number representation and its tradeoffs in speed and size when compared with floating-point designs.
UWB technology enables accurate positioning. The integration of communication and location-tracking capabilities will strongly enhance performance and enlarge the application field of UWB systems. Location-based routing protocols may be more efficient and robust than other routing strategies. In this paper we propose an enhanced "energy-aware" version of a well-established location-based reactive multi-hop protocol, namely the Greedy Perimeter Stateless Routing (GPSR) algorithm. The performance of this novel routing scheme is investigated by means of extensive dynamic system simulations. The design parameters of the e-GPSR are optimized for industrial and logistics scenarios.
? ASSET is a framework of commercial and custom tools with processes for enabling top-down system development ? It is focused on finding problems as early as possible in the development cycle and targets many high cost areas ? It has been and continues to be used on a number of projects ? The tools and processes continue to evolve ? The Orchestra simulator offers quick system simulation capabilities with the ability to refine models into high levels of detail ? A prototyping platform enables quicker migration from models to hardware implementations
For the parameter uncertainty and the disturbance randomicity that exist in ship course motion, the robust controller of ship course is designed on the base of rudder/flap vector control. The system uncertainty is analyzed, and the choice of weighting functions is discussed chiefly. For the sea wave operating on the ship, its energy-concentrating frequency varies as the encountering angle. For different encountering angles, we design the different weighting functions. For the pole of nominal model existing in imaginary axis, we use the bilinear-transform method to handle it. The method of "2-Riccati" equations is adopted to solve the H? controller. The system simulation is given, and the result shows that, compared with the PID controller, this system has a higher course precision, better robust performance. And the research has engineering application value.
The mathematic model of ship course rudder/flap joint control system is founded. The thought that rudder and flap are considered as two independent planes to design control rules is put forward for the first time. The calculation models of hydrodynamic coefficients of rudder/flap are acquired by means of the least square algorithm. To make full use of rudder/flap, the index function is given from the angle of system control performance and driving energy. The decision-making rules of rudder/flap angles are researched. And the genetic algorithm is adopted to optimize the rudder/flap angles. The method of infeasibility degree is applied to deal with the constrained condition of the main/flap angle. And some measures are used to improve the searching efficiency of the genetic algorithm. The system simulation is given, and the simulation result shows that, compared with the common rudder control system, this system has better control performance, stronger sea-situation-adapting ability, and much less energy consumption, etc. So this research has theory research meaning and engineering application value.
It is a feasible means to improve efficiency and reliability of body-in-white welding line by virtual simulation technology. Based on 3D visible simulation soft RobCAD. In this paper the elements such as welding robots and fixtures of work-station for body-in-white welding were analysed, digital modelling method of work-station of body-in-white welding and robot welding path optimizing were proposed.
Sheet metal machining is a special area in manufacturing industry. The flexible manufacturing system (FMS) has been used in the fabrication of sheet metal products in order to achieve high flexibility and high production efficiency. The configure and parameters are key factors for the performance optimization of the FMS. In this paper the discrete event system simulation is used to evaluate the configure and parameters, and to optimize the performance of the FMS. The composition and characteristics of sheet metal FMS are introduced briefly, the evaluation criteria for FMS' performance and the maximal service capability that the piler can provide to the machining cells are given out. Some simulation schemes are constructed to evaluate whether the configure and parameters are reasonable, and whether the piler has sufficient serviceability. Some instructive conclusions have been reached from the simulation: (1) The parameters of the piler have great effect on the FMS's performance. (2) As the production process of sheet metal are comparatively simple and fixed, the scheduling rules have minor influence on the FMS's performance. (3) On given parameters, a piler can provide sufficient service for four punch-shear machining cells.
Virtual platform modeling is a new method for developing complex softwareintensive systems such as SystemonChips, NetworksonChips and embedded devices. Hardware prototyping is not needed in the early design phase, as similar functionality can be achieved quicker and more flexibly with virtual platform models. In this paper the virtual platform model is used for hardware architecture exploration. We evaluated the design method of a 3D video recorder and measured the time and effort needed to build and run complete system simulations using real software. The results suggest that virtual platform modeling is a viable option for architecture exploration, but only if its limitations due to abstracted models are understood. The design process of a virtual platform without prior experience of the tools was measured to be 16 weeks for two designers. Afterwards, changes to the hardware platform could be made in less than 2 weeks depending on how challenging they are.
Application of very high speed induction generators (IG) in a system developed for utilization of renewable and waste energies that can be applied in Distributed Generation System is presented. The energy conversion is made by a turbine-generator set. For the electromechanical energy conversion application of special high speed induction generators has been studied and described in the paper. The design and analysis of the system are relied on computer simulation techniques.
In this work the evaluation of LS channel estimation algorithm for MIMO-OFDM system is carried out. The evaluation has been made using specifics pilot design rules that guarantee a bounded error level for the estimation. The method is used to estimate the channel matrix. The quality of the method is evaluated, not for a specific channel but in diverse surroundings of mobile representative channels with different characteristics (SUI channels). The evaluation has been made by software simulations and system parameters complying 802.16 standard. Estimation error dependence on the number of pilots used, its design parameters and SNR are obtained.
In order to make lunar lander land on the surface of moon autonomously and safely, the terrain of landing region should be rebuilt, and the description of landing site terrain should be generated. A long base-line stereo vision 3D reconstruction method through motion is proposed. Aimed at the problems of long base-line stereo vision, a series of algorithms are designed to select and match feature points, to estimate the relative rotation and translation between different positions, to rectify stereo image pair, to get the dense disparity image, to perform 3D reconstruction methods through disparity images, and to generate the DEM (Digital Elevation Map) of the landing region. According to the characteristic of lunar terrain, a software simulation test-bed is built, on which the algorithms are tested. The simulations show that this method can be effectively used in 3D reconstruction of lunar terrain.
This paper includes the introduction of the features of simulation method based on SystemC and the analysis of its advantage to discrete event system simulation, meanwhile, a new simulation model based on SystemC is proposed. A detailed example of the queue system is given with application of DEVS to prove the new module is valid and facilitated. It can be adopted in applications for other simulation scheduling problems.
Based on introducing working principle of 2 degrees of freedom AC-HMB, the principle of producing suspension force is expounded and the mathematics models of suspension forces are set up. The fuzzy PID controller with parameters self-tuning for 2 DOF AC-HMB system is designed, and the fuzzy control rule is present. Within MATLAB7.0/SIMULINK environment, the system simulation model is constructed and dynamic simulation had been completed. Comparing with normal PID controller performance, the results have shown that this parameters self-tuning PID controller not only can improve the system dynamic performances, but also has good self-adjustability and robustness.
In this paper, we consider the problem of applying Robust Discrete Optimization theory (RDO) on the elevator group scheduling system. The RDO modeling and model transformation theory are discussed. The RDO model of the elevator group scheduling is established via the RDO theory. Utilizing the virtual simulation environment of elevator group scheduling, the RDO scheduling algorithm is implemented. Simulation results are presented to demonstrate the performance of the proposed RDO algorithm. Advantages of this algorithm over other algorithms are also discussed.
Modeling and demonstrating, validating and evaluating by simulation experiment is an effectual method to study a complex warfare system. There are such obvious differences in the condition, demand and process of simulation between warfare system and general physical systems that this paper dissertates the relative research development of grid-based simulation, sets up a mapping from requirement and objective to framework and blue print to analyze the requirement, objective, framework and the key technical solution to the problem, and furthermore analyzes the running mode and process of grid-based complex warfare system simulation. A case study for land warfare system simulation is presented in this paper. The research fruit shows that grid-based simulation supports complex warfare system technology demonstrations in theory and practice, and provides a feasible approach.
This paper describes the security extension for the High Level Architecture (HLA), an IEEE standard for distributed interactive simulation, using IPSec (IP Security) and its use for collaborative simulation development. This work is an on-going work that aims to avoid the security issues of simulation data link (such as network listening, information leaking, etc.). Security extension HLA with widely-used internet security protocols will grantee confidentiality and integrity of simulation data packets in distributed environment. This paper analyzes the critical security attributes of data link in HLA/RTI simulations and presents options for a security extension for HLA/RTI in distributed environment. Also a detailed implement of a proposed solution is presented.
The remote sensing and the detection of events that may represent a danger for human beings have become more and more important thanks to the latest advances of the technology. A microwave radiometer is a sensor capable to detect a fire or an abnormal increase of the internal temperature of the human body (hyperthermia), or an onset of a cancer, or even meteorological phenomena (forest fires, pollution release, ice formation on road pavement). In this paper, the overview of a wearable low-cost low-power system-on-a-chip (SoaC) 13 GHz passive microwave radiometer in CMOS 90 nm technology is presented. In particular, we focused on its application to the fire detection for civil safeguard. In detail, this sensor has been thought to be inserted into the fireman jacket in order to help the fireman in the detection of a hidden fire behind a door or a wall. The simulation results obtained by Ptolemy system simulation have confirmed the feasibility of such a SoaC microwave radiometer in a low-cost standard silicon technology for temperature remote sensing and, in particular, for its application to the safeguard of emergency operators.
A classical approach to neglect syndrome evaluation is generally based on visual scanning tasks. Due to its laboratory-based approach, neglect assessment generally failed to individuate patient?s behavior impairments in everyday contexts. Simultaneously, the introduction of computer-based interactive simulations provides the possibility to have a context-based assessment linked with rigorous methodological procedure validity. According to this vision, the present work aims in introducing the use of virtual reality scenarios for the assessment of attentional-spatial deficits in unilateral neglect patients both in indoor and outdoor daily situations. For this purpose, two virtual reality environments were developed and four brain-damaged patients were requested to immersively explore them in order to memorize, replace and recognize familiar objects. Patient included in the study were previously evaluated with ?paper and pencil? neuropsychological assessment and they presented, respectively, a neglect syndrome, an overcome neglect, a unilateral right brain damage without neglect and a bilateral frontal brain injury with slight spatial neglect. Quantitative and qualitative analysis revealed as patients in virtual reality assessment provide perceptive and explorative behaviors congruent with neurological and neuropsychological evaluation. Virtual reality-based evaluation will also provide evidences of neglect induced biases in coping with everyday contexts that could be unclear detectable in paper and pencil assessment. Those results will support the use of virtual reality for situated neglect assessment and provide guidelines for rehabilitation trials in more ecologically-like contexts.
This paper examines several mechanisms to improve the performance of life science applications on high-performance computer architectures typically designed for more traditional supercomputing tasks. In particular, we look at the detailed performance characteristics of some of the most popular sequence alignment and homology applications on the POWER5 architecture offering from IBM. Through detailed analysis of performance counter information collected from the hardware, we identify the main performance bottleneck in the current POWER5 architecture for these applications is the high branch misprediction penalty of the most time-consuming kernels of these codes. Utilizing our PowerPC full system simulation environment, we show the performance improvement afforded by adding conditional assignments to the PowerPC ISA. We also show the impact of changing the number of functional units to a more appropriate mix for the characteristics of bioinformatics applications. Finally, we examine the benefit of removing the two-cycle penalty currently in the POWER5 architecture for taken branches due to the lack of a branch target buffer. Addressing these three performance-limiting aspects provides an average 64%improvement in application performance.
High Level Architecture (HLA) is a well-known standard for constructing and supporting large-scale and complex distributed interactive simulation systems. HLA has several key components, among which; Run-Time Infrastructure (RTI) is a crucial one as a service provider engine in HLA based simulation systems. Real Time extension of HLA/RTI became very important due to the necessity for the HLA to support simulation components with strict time constraints while interacting with each other. In fact, there have been a lot of research and concerns with regard to designing a high performance RT-RTI. In this paper, we propose a novel RT-RTI design approach that uses Real Time Discrete Event System Specification (RT-DEVS) formalism to model and simulate vital experimental frames. We are presenting a case study that demonstrates the usefulness of this formal approach in predicting the key design characteristics through designated simulation experiments. The simulation experimental results show that dynamic thread pool management with our load balancing strategies formed a key in improving the performance of RT-RTI in terms of serving tasks within their deadlines. Through our proposed formal design approach, we have seen an open area in finding the optimal RT-RTI design using RT-DEVS.
This paper proposes a hardware design and implementation of a cerebellar model articulation controller (CMAC neural network). The computer software simulation and FPGA hardware realization of CMAC neural network are developed. The Altera series FPGA chips are used to implement CMAC to achieve the characteristics of small size, fast execution speed and less memory. The system accuracy is verified through software simulation and hardware test. Two nonlinear functions and a real-time photovoltaic system are employed to illustrate the system performance. From the experimental results, it can be verified that the designed FPGA-based CMAC neural network can accurately model the nonlinear systems.
The increase for requirements in reusability and flexibility has created new challenge in the development of aircraft flight control system simulation test. Incorporating LXI devices as a part of a system not only can provide an additional level of flexibility and capability for the specific application, but also can support custom requirements with minimal cost and testing time. This paper describes our research and development efforts in the application of LXI devices in aircraft flight control system simulation test, the paper specifies the measurement and test system hardware architecture and software architecture. The Interchangeable Virtual Instruments (IVI) tools and architectural elements enable user to develop software systems that is independent of the underlying instruments. The paper also described how IVI drivers and associated IVI shared components are used to develop a system. An example program using instruments based on LXI to acquisition data is presented.
In this paper, we discuss an embedded hardware low complexity JPEG2000 video coding system. The hardware implementation is based on a software simulation system, where temporal redundancy is exploited by coding of differential frames which are arranged in an adaptive GOP structure. The hardware used mainly consists of a microprocessor (Analog Devices ADSP-BF533 Blackfin Processor) and a JPEG2000 chip (ADV202). DMAs (Direct Memory Access) are introduced to optimize memory transfers in the system. It is shown that Memory to Memory DMAs lead to significant improvement in our proposed memory structure resulting in better performance.
A lot of changes in the manufacturing sector will occur in the future and it is important to transform the actual production systems to evolvable production systems. Fractal, bionic and holonic manufacturing systems are three concepts that have been proposed due their characteristics of flexibility and intelligence. This generation of manufacturing systems is known as intelligent manufacturing systems (IMS). Agent-based software is a technology that can make actions of control or supervision, endowing mechatronics devices with some intelligence. The use of multi-agent based software in operation and control of distributed systems is offering new distributed intelligent control functions (cooperation, planning, scheduling) over wired or wireless networked systems. In this paper, underlying principles of the construction of an IMS are concisely presented.
It is well known that the poor thermal conductivity of GaAs adversely affects the electrical performance of GaAs circuits. Although they interact, the electrical and thermal circuits are simulated using separate software simulation packages. If the circuits are cosimulated on the same package, then the electrical and thermal circuits can interactively determine accurate information for the temperature-dependent variables of the electrical circuit. This paper demonstrates a method of electrical and thermal cosimulation of GaAs interconnects. To illustrate, the method is implemented on a meander line deposited on a GaAs epitaxial substrate. Each horizontal and vertical section of the meander is viewed as an individual heat source cell. An iterative procedure solves for the temperature of each cell and predicts the dc resistance of the line. Using a first-order thermal circuit, simulation shows good agreement with experimental data. </para>
Performance analysis is a necessary step during the development of distributed applications and communication protocols. Network emulation testbeds provide synthetic, configurable environments for comparative performance measurements of real implementations. However, realistic scenarios require more communicating nodes than usual testbeds are able to provide. In order to enable scalable network emulation, various concepts for the virtualization of nodes have been proposed. The overhead of virtualization strongly impacts the total size of a scenario, that can be emulated on a given testbed. However, the overhead of different virtualization approaches in the context of network emulation has not been compared directly so far. In this paper, we present a comparison of different virtual machine implementations (Xen, User Mode Linux) and our own virtual routing approach (NET). We discuss qualitative evaluation criteria and present a quantitative evaluation showing the efficiency of each approach in a traditional wired infrastructure-based and in a wireless ad hoc network emulation scenario. Our results give insights on which virtualization approach is best suited for which kind of network emulation.
In this paper we present Worldsens, an integrated environment for development and rapid prototyping of wireless sensor network applications. Our environment relies on software simulation to help the designer during the whole development process. The refinement is done starting from the high level design choices down to the target code implementation, debug and performance analysis. In the early stages of the design, high level parameters, like for example the node sleep and activity periods, can be tuned using WS-Net, an event driven wireless network simulator. WSNet uses models for applications, protocols and radio medium communication with a parameterized accuracy. The second step of the sensor network application design takes place after the hardware implementation choices. This second step relies on the WSim cycle accurate hardware platform simulator. WSim is used to debug the application using the real target binary code. Precise performance evaluation, including real-time analysis at the interrupt level, are made possible at this low simulation level. WSim can be connected to WSNet, in place of the application and protocol models used during the high level simulation to achieve a full distributed application simulation. WSNet and WSNet+WSim allow a continuous refinement from high level estimations down to low level real-time validation. We illustrate the complete application design process using a real life demonstrator that implements a hello protocol for dynamic neighborhood discovery in a wireless sensor network environment.
The basic design is made for a 250 KW solar power plant. The main element of the plant is the collectors. Base on system simulation, a parabolic collector constructed and tested for one year. The model is first validated with experimental measurement and a detail numerical model is also developed to study effects of various optical properties of mirrors and receiver on the thermal performance of the collectors. It is observed that due to poor optical properties of the present collector, it would not be able to produce hot oil with desired temperature. Improving the material of the mirrors and the receiver tube, thermal performances exceed substantially from the design conditions. By considering available optical properties simulation is made to estimate yearly steady and unsteady behavior and the performance of the power plant for three locations: Shiraz, Yazd and Lar in Iran Comparison of the yearly performance of the cycle shows that unsteady behavior reveals different results and simulations approach a reliable technique to study such cycle.
The trigger system of Beijing Spectrometer III, part of the upgrade of Beijing Electron Positron Collider, has been designed and implemented, and is ready for installation. This paper describes briefly the system components, its characteristics, and some technical issues. The system consists mainly of four parts: MDC(Drift chamber) tracking subsystem, EMC (ElctroMagnetic Calorimeter) subsystem, TOF (Time of Flight) subsystem and Global Trigger. Some highlights in designing of this system includes: Trigger scheme optimization with software simulation; Optical transmission between trigger and FEEs to realize isolation with FEEs to avoid ground loop current interference; designed with most latest FPGA(Xilinx Spartan 3, VirtexII Pro...) for simplicity, high reliability and easy maintenance and hence smaller system; FPGA in-system programming or firmware online downloadable via onboard, panel connector and/or VME bus for modification flexibility during commissioning. Different from the usual fix delay data transmission from FEE to trigger, the RocketIO has been used as SEDES.
Radio transceivers relying on impulsed radio UWB signals show a strong potential for low data rate communications at an ultra low power consumption. They are for instance proposed by the IEEE 802.15.4a low-rate wireless personal area networks standard (LR-WPAN) to support low data rates, low power and low complexity short-range radio communications. In this paper, we give an overview of our recent UWB radio front-end designs along with new system simulation results, and derive specifications for a 15.4a receiver. The system simulations are used to balance the partitioning of gain, noise and distortion for next generation transceivers and allow to analyze the expected communication range of IEEE 802.15.4a systems in various channel conditions. The free-space wireless channel loss as well as 9 propagation scenarios are taken into account.
During the development stage of a UWB system, system simulations are helpful to evaluate the system performance. System simulations demand for accurate description and modeling of the entire system, whereas the computation time must be small. In many cases, system simulators are based on idealized assumptions and neglect effects of non-ideal hardware. In reality however, real UWB antennas can corrupt signal transmission. This paper presents a system simulator that can deal with non-ideal, measured complex antenna patterns. It is shown how antenna patterns impact signal transmission in typical indoor scenarios. To describe multipath propagation within small computation time, full-wave solutions of Maxwell's equations cannot be performed. Instead, a UWB Ray Tracing tool developed at the Institut f眉r H枚chstfrequenztechnik und Elektronik is used and expanded by complex pattern information to take into account the influence of antennas. The system simulator determines the distorted signal and reconstructs the bit sequence by a conventional correlation receiver.</
This paper presents a problem solving environment (PSE) for the grid-enabled execution of Monte Carlo simulations. Our main concern during the design and development of the PSE was to hide the complexity of using the grid infrastructure from the actual users and simplify the way users run their application on grid resources. In order to assist non grid-expert users to execute their simulations on the grid, we have implemented transparent mechanisms that automatically create the appropriate scripts and components required for grid execution by taking as input plain Matlab files. The PSE sets up a temporary distributed Matlab environment on grid resources by using the Matlab Compiler and allows the concurrent execution of standard Matlab code. The PSE has been used for several Wideband Code Division Multiple Access (WCDMA) system simulation scenarios in the production grid provided by the EGEE infrastructure. Simulation results regarding performance of the PSE are presented.
Network emulation has been widely used to aid in the development and evaluation of real time applications. Traditional emulation tools based on a single node machine or a cluster of machines cannot satisfy today's requirements for testing real time applications distributed over wide area networks. ROSENET is a novel network emulation system that exploits a remote high fidelity simulation to provide scale and accuracy for a low fidelity emulator serving a locally executing real time application. The distributed emulators and simulators in the ROSENET system coordinate by periodically updating their simulation/emulation status using network models. We evaluate the performance of an implementation of ROSENET using the NIST Net emulator and GTNetS simulator. Results show that ROSENET provides a promising approach to network emulation supporting accuracy and scale while meeting real-time constraints. We also illustrate the procedures using ROSENET to evaluate a contemporary real-time distributed application Skype and present experimental results.
It is expected that future indoor wireless communication systems will be operated at tens of Gbps data rates and that they will be working in mm or sub-mm wave bands. In order to develop systems operating in this frequency range system simulations will be applied. Therefore, propagation models enabling the derivation of channel characteristics, which are used as input to these system simulations, are mandatory. For frequencies beyond 100 GHz, propagation models have to consider reflection and scattering as the most important propagation phenomena apart from line-of-sight propagation. This paper provides an overview of the measurements performed to determine electromagnetic properties of commonly used building materials for the considered frequency bands. Input parameters for these models have been derived based on measurements conducted with a fibre-coupled Terahertz time-domain spectroscopy system, W-band measurements using a vector network analyser, and surface roughness measurements using optical 3D micro and nanometrology. Results from the performance analysis of models for the scattering on rough surfaces of optically thick materials in specular directions and for the reflection from smooth multi-layer indoor building materials will be presented. Finally, it will be shown how these results are incorporated in a simulation environment used to derive maximum achievable data rates with an indoor wireless system operated beyond 300 GHz.
Current on-chip block-centric memory hierarchies exploit access patterns at the fine-grain scale of small blocks. Several recently proposed memory hierarchy enhancements for coherence traffic reduction and prefetching suggest that additional useful patterns emerge with a macroscopic, coarse-grain view. This paper presents RegionTracker, a dual-grain, on-chip cache design that exposes coarse-grain behavior while maintaining block-level communication. RegionTracker eliminates the extraneous, often imprecise coarse-grain tracking structures of previous proposals. It can be used as the building block for coarse-grain optimizations, reducing their overall cost and easing their adoption. Using full-system simulation of a quad-core chip multiprocessor and commercial workloads, we demonstrate that RegionTracker overcomes the inefficiencies of previous coarse-grain cache designs. We also demonstrate how RegionTracker boosts the benefits and reduces the cost of a previously proposed snoop reduction technique.

Phase noise is a complex and ubiquitous source of BER degradation for all communication systems. Tight interaction between the phase noise and implementation of receiver tracking loops limits the fidelity of analytical derivations. The long timescales associated with phase noise make software simulations extremely time consuming. Both of these difficulties are exacerbated in systems that employ forward error correction. This paper reports on the development of a hardware-assisted phase noise emulator. This emulator allows injection of wideband, completely programmable phase noise into a real-time system. The phase noise samples are computed entirely in software and then passed to a hardware engine. The hardware engine digitizes a low-IF signal, combines it with the computed phase noise, and re-generates an analog low-IF output. The system described in this paper supports signals up to 30 MHz wide, centered at a 70 MHz IF. The phase noise characteristics can be modeled accurately up to 10 MHz using a simple model and up to 1 MHz for a more complex model.
This paper presents system modeling (SM), simulation and design trade-off analysis for an Ultra-Wideband (UWB) Impulse Radio (IR) transceiver for biotelemetry applications, particularly high resolution image data transmission in wireless endoscopes. The UWB system model was created incorporating the human body attenuation effect, the IEEE 802.14a indoor channel model, and channel noise so as to explore various design options to decide on an optimum architecture for the given application. In particular, human body attenuation effect, modulation options, quantization, correlation window size and link budget planning are introduced. Based on the system simulation using Matlab, the severe effect from the human body attenuation has been identified and a non-coherent Transmit Reference (TR) transceiver architecture with Differential Binary Phase Shift Keying (DBPSK) modulation was selected as the best option for the communication link in wireless endoscopes.
In this paper we investigate the impact of the pilot density (and associated pilot distances for both frequency and time domains) in the performance of the channel estimation for MC-CDMA systems, when using dedicated sub-carriers to transmit pilots with 2-D rectangular patterns. The analytical formulation of the channel estimation MSE for the single-user downlink scenario with a generic channel estimation scheme for a given power efficiency is presented. The attained results go beyond the commonly accepted rule of thumb that suggests that an oversampling factor of two will result in a good trade-off between performance and pilot overhead. The analytical formulation was validated by system simulations. A scenario using the 2-D LS-DFT channel estimation scheme confirmed the analytical result. The lowest channel estimation MSE for a given value of power efficiency is achieved when the pilot density is the one that closely fulfils the 2-D sampling theorem.
We have tried to see the limit of capacitance density of MLCCs using a computer simulation technique. Dielectric properties of MLCCs with different particle size of BaTiO<sub>3</sub> were measured and the data were analyzed using B-SPLINE fitting to predict dielectric permittivity at arbitral temperature and AC-fields. The dielectric properties of barium titanate grains smaller then 100 nm were predicted using least squares fitting of the B-SPLINE coefficients. It was found from the simulation that the usage of barium titanate grains smaller than 80 nm did not give an advantage to increase the capacitance density as well as temperature stability of the MLCCs. The maximum capacitance was predicted for the 1608 (mm) chip size.
An uplink minimum mean square error (MMSE) channel estimator for broadband multicarrier code division multiple access (MC-CDMA) systems is investigated. All nodes in the system share the same sub-carriers to convey the pilot symbols. Due to the use of uncoded pilot sequences endowed with time-shifted properties, the base station (BS) has the ability to extract each node's channel impulse response (CIR) from the combined signal in the time-domain without multiuser interference. The feasibility of the investigated method is confirmed by system simulation using BRAN-A broadband wireless channel model.
This paper describes a study on beam switching scheme applicable to the cognitive radio communication, from the viewpoint of the efficient use of radio frequency resource, as a function of the response time of Web browsing. The beam switching is time division scheme of the assigned frequency bandwidth among one wireless link and another links. Regarding the radio network, we consider three types of topology. As a result of software simulations, we conclude that the radio beam switching have the better performance in frequency use, comparing with the case of the conventional fixed frequency allocation. Furthermore, we simulate the IP throughput characteristics and response time characteristics of Web browsing in the radio link affected by transmission error.
In this paper, we present some evaluation methodologies for 3G long term evolution (LTE) employing orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) from the view of system level. A system simulation platform is established to evaluate the system performance of LTE. Many important research topics, such as packet scheduling algorithms and fractional frequency reuse (FFR) scheme, can be studied through this platform. Some popular scheduling algorithms are evaluated in OFDMA systems for the mixed services, such as real-time (RT) and non-real-time (NRT) services. FFR scheme is proposed in this paper to avoid the co-channel interference. Finally, the system performance of LTE is evaluated under various scheduling algorithms for mixed services with the use of FFR.
In this paper, we design Multi-Band OFDM (MB-OFDM) UWB systems, with two transmit and two receive antennas, with the goal of achieving 1 Gbps data rate. We study the performance of these systems with different modulation schemes. The Packet Error Rate (PERs) and the operating range of these systems are obtained using frequency domain baseband simulations as well as more realistic full-system simulations, and are compared to those of single antenna systems. Simulation results show that the MHVIO MB-OFDM systems provide significant gains for 1 Gbps transmission over single antenna MB- OFDM UWB systems.
We present a Bluetooth scatternet protocol (SNP) that provides the user with a serial link to all connected members in a transparent wireless Bluetooth (BT) network. By using only local decision making we can reduce the overhead of our scatternet protocol dramatically. We show how our SNP software layer simplifies a variety of tasks like the synchronization of central pattern generator controllers for actuators, collecting sensory data and building modular robot structures. The whole BT software stack including our new scatternet layer is implemented on a single Bluetooth and memory chip. To verify and characterize the SNP we provide data from experiments using real hardware instead of software simulation. This gives a realistic overview of the scatternet performance showing higher order effects that are difficult to be simulated correctly and guarantees the correct function of the SNP in real world applications.
Carbon nanotubes (CNTs) are good candidates for many electronics and sensing applications. These applications will require moving (deposit) and orienting carbon nanotubes to specific location, and separating CNTs with semiconducting and metallic band structure. In this paper, a new mathematical model describing precisely the rotational motion of carbon nanotubes in viscous medium (acetone) is presented. This new mathematical model correctly assumes that carbon nanotubes form a line shape after undergoing AC electric field compare to existing model that assumes carbon nanotubes to be a spherical particle. The new mathematical model is based on a newly developed model for applied torque due to electrorotation. It is also a method for controlled assembly of the CNTs on microstructures that have the plausibility to be scaled to wafer- level manufacturing. Simulation results are presented for the developed models. The developed model can be used to detect the position of carbon nanotubes and further implemented in the separation of semiconducting and metallic band structure carbon nanotubes.
In the application of CNC feed drives it is desirable to predict the servo performance. By using computer simulation techniques it is possible to construct an accurate model of the servo drive. This simulation procedure makes it possible to anticipate machine design problems and correct them. This paper deals with a model of a feed drive, which consists of a motion control system driven by a DC motor. Both position and velocity feedback loops are present in the structure of the system. By means of MATLAB &amp; Simulink software, simulation diagrams were built in order to test the behaviour of the system. Experimental data are also presented in order to confirm the accuracy of the theoretical model.
We present a framework for the simulation of forests, where a complex application system simulates a spontaneous afforestation process. Within this virtual environment, trees can be seen to grow over several centuries. The obtained simulation results are used to animate ecosystem development, where trees struggle for survival. The visualization of trees is speeded up so that the models of trees have progressively lower-details proportional to the distance from a certain point of view. The growth of individual trees is also animated, from the development of branch complexity to per-leaf precision to allow a very realistic perception of the emerging ecosystem.
Replication is one of the primary techniques used to improve the quality of distributed content service. It generally reduces user latencies and increases a site's availability. However, to our knowledge, there is no systematic framework that combines the structure of both content and service components of a Web application to design effective replica hosting architectures. Recent advances in interconnected and multiple content distribution network (CDN) architectures render this problem even more complex. In this study, we develop a systematic framework for designing and evaluating large-scale, component-based replication architectures for Web systems that are driven by both the quality and effectiveness of service provisioning on the service network. The proposed framework employs a combination of problem decomposition, configuration evaluation through controlled system simulations, and a neural-network-based feedback learning mechanism in the exploration of the design space. A case study demonstrates the viability of the framework. The framework can be an effective decision support tool for a system designer to systematically explore design options and select an appropriate design configuration that best meets the desired design objectives.
An analytical method to compute the scattering of spherically and hemispherically stratified lens antennas fed by any real source is described. A mode matching technique (MMT) based on spherical wave functions is first used to analyze the scattering by spherically stratified lens antennas. The farfield patterns and directivity obtained are in excellent agreement with commercial software simulations and measurements for a six-shell Luneburg lens at 6 GHz. This MMT is then extended to hemispherically stratified lens antenna analysis. Its validation is carried out by comparisons to both commercial software and measurements for a three-shell half Maxwell fish-eye lens fed by an open-ended waveguide at W-band. The expansion on spherical modes gives a direct access to the field everywhere. To highlight the progressive focusing effect of inhomogeneous lens antennas, the electric field is mapped in terms of magnitude and phase in the neighborhood of the entire structure. One of the originalities of this work stands in the fact that, besides scattering the incident field, the reaction created by the scatterer on the feed is quantified. The particularization of the scatterer to the stratified lens does not affect the generality of the presented procedure. On the top of providing a controlled accuracy, the MMT tremendously reduces both computation time and memory load in comparison to commercial software.
Novel concepts for synthetic radar (SAR) systems are designed to use the potential of multiple transmit or/and receive front-ends. The DBF SAR, HRWS SAR or MIMO SAR improve the quality of the radar image using multiple receiver signals and adequate signal processing algorithms. The processing algorithms are developed with assumption of an ideal transmit and receive system. The effects that could occur in the transmitter or receiver front-end disturb the received signal and resulting Radar image. This paper is a contribution to the investigation of the influence of nonidealities of the SAR receiver. Presented are VKA-representation models of HRWS SAR receiver developed simulation considers also effects resulting from quantization and digital beamforming processing (DBF). The VKA-representation enables description of the receiver in a compact and simple way.
System simulations require the systematic scattering analysis of the distorting objects. An adequate efficient 3D-modeling of an A380 and subsequent scattering analysis and numerical system simulations are discussed for different model approximations. The modeling ranges from simple rectangular plates up to the most accurate 3D-model which includes the 3D voluminous tailfin. It has been shown that the simple models for the A380 fail for the grazing angle incidence even if the best available numerical methods are used. These models do not describe the physical features of the aircraft or the tail fin correctly. By that the modeling and the applied numerical methods is a critical issue in approximate models for complex objects in the possible and relevant geometrical scenarios.
The performance of netted radar is evaluated in terms of a netted version of the radar equation and the ambiguity function. A software simulation has been developed to allow assessment of netted radar sensitivity and ambiguity properties in both two-and three-dimensional space. Simulation results demonstrate that coherent netted radar sensitivity depends not only on the radar parameters, but also on the numbers, locations and specification of transmit and receive nodes. The netted radar ambiguity function is affected by a combination of many factors. In addition to those that determine the form of the monostatic ambiguity function, the locations of transmit and receive nodes as well as the position and velocity of the target all are shown to play an important role in evaluating system performance. As a result of these dependencies, it is shown that there is severe degradation of range and Doppler resolution when a target crosses sufficiently close to a transmit-receive baseline.
Current on-chip block-centric memory hierarchies exploit access patterns at the fine-grain scale of small blocks. Several recently proposed techniques for coherence traffic reduction and prefetching suggest that further useful patterns emerge with a macroscopic, coarse-grain view. To exploit coarse- grain behavior, previous work extended conventional caches with additional coarse-grain tracking and management structures considerably increasing overall cost and complexity. This paper demonstrates that as multi-megabyte caches have become commonplace, coarse-grain tracking and management no longer needs to be an afterthought. This functionality comes "for free" via RegionTracker. RegionTracker is a dual-grain cache design that maintains block-level communication while directly supporting coarse-grain tracking and management. Compared to a block-centric conventional cache of the same data capacity, RegionTracker requires less area to achieve a nearly identical miss rate (within 1&#x025;). RegionTracker can be used as the building block for coarse-grain optimizations, reducing their overall cost and easing their adoption. Using full-system simulation of a quad- core chip multiprocessor, commercial workloads, and area estimates based on full-custom layouts on a 130nm commercial technology, we demonstrate the performance and cost viability of the RegionTracker design. We also demonstrate the potential of RegionTracker as a framework for coarse-grain optimizations by showing that it boosts the benefits and reduces the cost of a previously proposed snoop reduction technique.
This paper proposes a method to estimate bit-error rate (BER) at high signal-to-noise ratio. The computer simulation result of the proposed method shows good agreement with those of the original Monte Carlo (MC) simulations. By using the proposed method, the number of bits needed to computer simulation is reduced to 50%of the MC simulation for code length 1027[bit], It is reduced to 20%compared with the MC simulation for code length 4000[bit], The time to estimate BER for the proposed method is reduced to 60%of original envelop method.
In this paper, residential loads are modeled in order to analyze low frequency current ripples of residential fuel cell applications. A difference of low frequency current ripples between simple resistor load condition and actual residential load conditions is compared. Aspect of generation and propagation of low frequency current ripples are analyzed in order to design an optimal power conditioning system. Theoretical analysis has been performed and informative simulation and experimental results are provided.
This paper presents research results of a model power transmission system by using a superconducting magnetic energy storage (SMES) to improve the transient stability of electric power system. The fuzzy logic control strategy is suggested. The fuzzy rule-bases are designed and explained. SMIB system simulations are carried out. From the results they were demonstrated that stabilizing effect by mean of SMES was very significant.
System simulations require the systematic scattering analysis of the distorting objects. An adequate efficient 3D-modeling of an A380 and subsequent scattering analysis and numerical system simulations are discussed for different model approximations. The modeling ranges from simple rectangular plates up to the most accurate 3D-model which includes the 3D voluminous tailfin. It has been shown that the simple models for the A380 fail for the grazing angle incidence even if the best available numerical methods are used. These models do not describe the physical features of the aircraft or the tail fin correctly. By that the modeling and the applied numerical methods is a critical issue in approximate models for complex objects in the possible and relevant geometrical scenarios.
With the latest improvements in device size, power consumption, and communications, sensor networks are becoming increasingly more popular. There has also been a great increase in the popularity of commercial applications based on ultrawideband (UWB). In this paper, the architecture and performance of a noncoherent low complexity UWB impulse radio based receiver designed for low data rate, low cost sensor network applications are presented. The circuits are designed for 0.18 mum CMOS technology. This paper also presents system simulations results as well as the performance of key functional blocks of the designed UWB receiver architecture. The simulated UWB-IR receiver occupies a total area of 0.45 mm<sup>2</sup> and consumes 31 mW with a 1.8 V supply.
This work argues that low cost chip components implementations of turbo codes still reach near the absolute maximum capacity of the magnetic recording channel. The turbo encoder/decoder presented is simulated in software and its performances are analyzed against other encoding and recording solutions, such as PRML channels and MTR-RLL codes. Simulation results confirmed the significant performance gains (BER versus SNR) introduced by turbo codes and proved that the hardware implementations of the turbo encoder/decoder components allow greater recording densities.
In this paper, the initial pole-position estimation of a surface (non-salient) permanent magnet synchronous motor is analysed mathematically, and more accurately improved for SPMSM sensorless servo drive by the absolute accumulation (or integral) of torque-component currents. This algorithm is well carried out under the full closed loop position control without any pole sensors and is completely insensitive to any motor parameters. This estimation is based on the principle that the initial pole-position is simply calculated by the reverse trigonometric function using the two feedback currents in the full closed-loop position control. The proposed algorithm consists of the predefined reference position profile, the information of feedback currents, speed, and relative position, and the reverse trigonometric function for the initial-pole position estimation. Compared to other existing researches, the mathematical analysis is introduced to get the more accurate initial pole-position of a surface permanent magnet motor under the closed-loop position control. It is recognized that this algorithm is simpler in implementation and is more accurate in estimation even close to standstill through the full closed control.
<para> In this paper a general formulation is presented for the time-domain partial element equivalent circuit method in a general dispersive medium. The formulation is based on Debye and Lorentz models where the resulting model is passive. The incorporation of such models into a partial element equivalent circuit solver is described by both convolution techniques and equivalent circuits. The new circuit models can be applied in the frequency as well as the time domain. Numerical examples are given to validate the proposed formulation and to show that the proposed method is accurately capturing the physics of dispersive and lossy dielectrics. </para>
In a single-input single-output (SISO) downlink with multiple users, to obtain the multiuser diversity gain, the full channel state information (CSI) of all users is required for selecting the desired user and transmission mode. However, feedback channels are often capable of carrying only a limited number of bits. With such rate limited feedback links, we intend to maximize the average throughput of each user by designing transmit power levels, signal constellations and feedback thresholds jointly. Both un-coded adaptive M-ary quadrature amplitude modulation (MQAM) and adaptive trellis-coded modulation (TCM) are investigated. A nested iterative algorithm is proposed to obtain a finite number of transmission modes and thresholds. Optimization in the heterogeneous network is also considered. Simulation results demonstrate a small number of feedback bits make the throughput approach to that with perfect CSI. As the number of users increases, the multiuser diversity gain is achieved and the average feedback load of each user is reduced.
How good is a best effort network for different services in multi-service LTE networks? In this paper, we try to answer the question in the context of capacity of an LTE network with users concurrently running multiple services. We present a system simulation study for two-service scenarios with VoIP and a second service represented by real-time video, mobile TV, or web surfing. We present results for a best effort network and compare to those for a network with QoS provisioning. The study demonstrates that traffic differentiation and service prioritization are particularly crucial when a delay-critical service, e.g., VoIP, is in combination with a delay-insensitive intensive traffic. By prioritizing VoIP, we achieve VoIP capacity comparable to that in pure VoIP simulations at a cost of a few-percent capacity loss of the second service. A simple model for network capacity assessment for the two network types is presented to support our observations theoretically.
The authors considered applying cognitive radio to facilitate the efficient use of frequency resources over multiple radio links. They proposed a beam-switching scheme for radio links among inter-base stations and analyzed transmission performance characteristics by response time for Web browsing. The current modeling assumes mobile WiMAX transmissions to be a realistic and efficient form of broadband radio communications. In this paper, the transmission characteristics of inter-base station beam switching are evaluated by software simulations, assuming broadband asymmetric transmission of up- and downlinks. Furthermore, the evaluations extend to cascaded topologies applicable to disaster relief deployment. The results show that beam switching of broadband transmission has better transmission performance than fixed capacity assignment of a band-division transmission depending on conditions in basic and cascaded cases.
This paper describes the implementation of an intelligent application layer gateway for the traditional training simulator to connect with other simulators using the High Level Architecture (HLA). The HLA is the latest open distributed interactive simulation standard developed by the Defense Modeling and Simulation Office of the US Department of Defense. To reap the full benefits of simulation interoperability and reusability in the near-term, it is important to quickly transit the legacy training simulators to compliant with the HLA. However, the programming philosophy between traditional training simulator and HLA-compliant simulator is different. To shorten the system rebuild time and avoid altering the original functions of the simulator, the proposed application layer gateway handles all the runtime infrastructure services within the HLA and communicates with the simulator by using the shared memory. To verify the feasibility of the proposed intelligent gateway and its performance, a real-time flight platform was developed. The platform includes a realtime flight model, a software control panel and an image generation system. The experimental results showed that our approach is workable and practical.
This paper describes a new property checking approach in order to enhance the diagnosis ability of an electronic embedded system, included in an automotive application. We consider functional diagnosis that is not necessarily oriented towards electronic components, and may result from flaws in the design process. The idea is, at the highest levels of the design procedure, to be able to assess the observability degree of the aimed system. Our approach is based on the analysis of the system simulation results. It allows checking the observability property in a real time electronic system in order to improve its diagnosis capacity.To reach this objective, we have set up an iterative modeling process. The model of the real time electronic system represents the input for the simulation step, which precedes the property checking. It is possible to model the system in two different ways: either with a combined architectural and functional modeling using SystemC, or solely functional modeling using Matlab/Simulink. Then, we check the observability property of the system, if it is not verified, our contribution consists in adding a feedback to the modeling step to improve the model. Otherwise, we validate the result through a test in an electronic automotive platform using as input the Simulink model used for the simulation step.
In the present work, the modeling of high frequencies planar circuits is proposed with an original iterative method based on the concept of waves. It consists in the development of simulation software based on an iterative method. The iterative method is developed from the fast modal transform based on a 2DFFT algorithm. The method has been applied to the characterization and the modeling of patch antennas with notches in coplanar technology and the quarter wavelength directive coupler. The obtained results are very satisfactory particularly in the reduction of the simulation time and the precision of the results in comparison with the literature.
The problem of fixed satellite broadcast reception is considered. The possibility of reducing the requirements on the antenna front-end dimensions is investigated. Interference processing and mitigation techniques are employed to cope with the increased level of adjacent system interference at the satellite broadcast receiver resulting from the less directive antenna. A novel satellite reception front-end antenna based on a multiple input receiver is proposed to adapt the interference processing methods to the broadcast reception scenario. The potential performance of the devised scheme is thoroughly discussed and assessed by extensive software simulations.
Digital television/terrestrial multimedia broadcasting (DTMB), announced as the Chinese digital television terrestrial broadcasting (DTTB) standard, uses pseudo-noise (PN) sequence as guard interval (GI) and the training sequence for both multi- and single-carrier block transmissions. The conventional channel estimation methods can be performed through either the subtraction of the PN sequence or the cancellation of residual inter-symbol interference (ISI). In this paper, a novel iterative method is introduced to estimate the overlapping part of PN sequence, meanwhile the channel impulse response (CIR) estimation can be obtained and updated via the reconstruction of the PN sequence in an iterative manner. Simulations show that the proposed algorithm can effectively reduce the ISI and improve the symbol error rata (SER) of DTMB system over slowvarying broadcasting multipath channel even with long delay spread. In practice, the proposed algorithm can be applied to the DTMB receiver-chip directly with low-complexity cost.
A photometric stereo method is optimized in view of Signal-to-Noise-Ratio(SNR) in both the spectral and spatial domain to accurately reconstruct the shapes for wide spectral band objects. Optical polarization filters are used to capture images free from specular reflection components so that the reflection can be approximated to Lambertian. The Jacobi iterative method is applied to solve the equalities between the images and the reflection model for shape. The reconstruction is optimized in view of SNR using the albedos as spatial weights and average albedo values as spectral weights. It is further optimized doubly using the albedos to suppress effects of noise most noticeable in black regions of objects and using a spatial weight dependent on the degree of saturations. Experimental results show that the optimization is very effective to obtain good shapes for wide spectral band objects with minimal effects of reflection models different from the Lambertian.
In this paper we present a method for depth estimation using image focus for 3D shape recovery. The method is based on the regression model. First the sequence of images is processed using Laplacian operator and the first estimate for the maximum value is found. Two datasets are selected for each pixel based on that maximum value. For each of the two datasets, a straight line is approximated to fit each of the dataset. Least squares method is used to find the best fit. The intersection point of the two lines is computed and weights are used so that the final depth map can be obtained. Finally, averaging filter is used to remove noise. The proposed method is compared with earlier depth estimation algorithms using various test objects.
A 700-MHz 6-bit pipelined ADC with current-switching open-loop residue amplification and global-gain control is designed. Using a multiplexed-input architecture to implement T/H and MDAC circuits, the transmission-gate switching is replaced by the current-switching technique. Without the need of digital calibration, a global-gain control technique is employed to eliminate the gain error. Fabricated in a 0.13-&#x03BC;m CMOS technology, the ADC consumes 24 mW from a 1.2-V power supply while the active area is only 0.052 mm<sup>2</sup>.
Analyzing the characteristic of network behavior provides scientific basis for designing, building, and managing the next generation Internet, and is especially important for monitoring network behavior. This paper establishes a system of metrics that evaluates the behavior of IP networks with respect to the need of analyzing network behavior, introduces the design and implementation of network monitoring system that focuses on the analysis of the characteristics of network behavior, analyzes crucial problems on system design, builds an experiment environment and runs tests on it. The results show that our system satisfies all requirements imposed by real time monitoring network behavior, therefore is able to help the decision making in operating and managing networks
This paper presents three modified Chen chaotic systems. Some basic dynamical properties are studied. Based on Lyapunov stability theory, modified projective synchronization and modified projective dislocated synchronization are applied to achieve synchronization among three modified Chen chaotic systems with unicoupled response system. These results show that three modified Chen systems can still keep the basic and typical nonlinear phenomena. Numerical simulations are given to show the effectiveness of these methods.
This Letter addresses the generalized cascade synchronization problem of discrete-time hyperchaotic systems. By choosing a general kind of proportional scaling error functions and based on rigorous control theory, we take the discrete-time Henon-like map as a example to achieve the generalized cascade synchronization. Numerical simulations are used to show the effectiveness of the proposed technique.
<para> To maximize rate distortion performance while remaining faithful to the JPEG syntax, the joint optimization of the Huffman tables, quantization step sizes, and DCT indices of a JPEG encoder is investigated. Given Huffman tables and quantization step sizes, an efficient graph-based algorithm is first proposed to find the optimal DCT indices in the form of run-size pairs. Based on this graph-based algorithm, an iterative algorithm is then presented to jointly optimize run-length coding, Huffman coding, and quantization table selection. The proposed iterative algorithm not only results in a compressed bitstream completely compatible with existing JPEG and MPEG decoders, but is also computationally efficient. Furthermore, when tested over standard test images, it achieves the best JPEG compression results, to the extent that its own JPEG compression performance even exceeds the quoted PSNR results of some state-of-the-art wavelet-based image coders such as Shapiro's embedded zerotree wavelet algorithm at the common bit rates under comparison. Both the graph-based algorithm and the iterative algorithm can be applied to application areas such as web image acceleration, digital camera image compression, MPEG frame optimization, and transcoding, etc. </para>
<para> This letter proposes an entropy-gradient adaptive feedback filter specially derived for the blind decision feedback equalizer with a self-optimized configuration. Using software simulations, the parametric nonlinearity of the feedback filter is aligned through two operation modes&#x2014;blind acquisition and soft transition&#x2014;to respond with a maximum entropy signal. As a result, a simple stochastic gradient algorithm is obtained, and it can be easily optimized for an applied signal constellation. </para>
Increasing penetration of Distributed Generation (DG) in distribution networks significantly changes both the real and reactive power flows in the network and can create serious voltage control problems. Furthermore, traditional Automatic Voltage Control (AVC) schemes that can normally deal with the reverse power flows, are unable to cope with the voltage problems associated with the presence of DG under certain conditions. Several techniques have been deployed to improve distribution network voltage profiles in such cases, for instance network reinforcement or active voltage control with remote voltage sensing units. Another method that has been proposed and recently implemented is the SuperTAPP n+ relay scheme that is based on locally taken measurements at the substation level combined with a state estimation technique. Such an approach enables assessment of the voltage rise at the point of connection of DG and effective control of the voltage level at the substation. The first objective of this paper is to present the fundamental principles of innovative voltage control schemes for distribution networks with DG based on locally measured signals. Secondly the functionality of the most flexible scheme will be demonstrated via software simulation for a range of distribution network case studies based upon realistic EDF Energy network scenarios. Finally, the results from the modelling and analysis of the SuperTAPP n+ relay scheme and its feasible application will be discussed and detailed conclusions are presented.
Balanced load distribution is especially important to attain optimal use of existing computational resources in distributed and parallel applications. In dynamic load balancing (DLB), surplus workload in nodes overwhelmed with work is transferred to relatively free nodes during run time. While in iterative DLB methods, the load reaches to its final execution node through several iteration steps, the execution node is selected directly in one step in direct methods. However, direct methods require immense system state information to perform selection.
In this paper, we present a new iterative receiver algorithm based on sort QR decomposition to mitigating the error propagation of VBLAST. The performance of first detected layer is enhanced for it is detected iteratively, so the performance of the overall system is improved. The proposed algorithm achieves good performance compared to standard ZF-VBLAST with reduced computational complexity.
The paper reports a systematic study of the resonance-mode effect on mass-sensing performance of resonant microcantilevers by both analytic and experimental methods. Firstly the research reveals that the in-air mass-sensing resolution of resonant microcantilevers is dominated by air-drag loss limited Q-factor. Using theoretic analysis and software simulation, we conclude that a higher order mode is with the resolution superior to a lower order mode and a torsion-mode is generally better than a flexure-mode. 4 types of cantilevers resonating in 4 practically realizable resonance-modes, i.e. the 1st, 2nd flexural modes and the 1st, 2nd torsional modes, are designed with identical length, thickness and the main-stem width. Micromachining techniques are used to fabricate the 4 silicon cantilevers with the actuating and signal-readout elements integrated. Biotin-avidin detecting experiment is performed, with the results well verifying the analytic conclusion for sensor optimal design guidance.
In a very recent paper, Zhu et al. [Neural Process Lett (2007)26:191&#x2013;200] proposed an interesting approach to study pth moment exponential stability of stochastic Cohen-Grossberg neural networks with time-varying delays. Unfortunately, since the constructed Lyapunov function is invalid for p=2k + 1, k &#x2208; N, the main results obtained are not correct for the general case. This note intends to circumvent these problems by modifying the approach proposed in Zhu et al. [Neural Process Lett (2007) 26:191&#x2013;200].
This paper presents a methodology for closed-loop identification of velocity controlled servomotors. The approach considers a PI controller applied simultaneously to the real servomotor and its model. It is shown that under persistently exciting conditions the parameter estimates converges. Experimental results using a laboratory test bed validate the proposed approach.
Online educational laboratories are increasingly deployed in traditional on-campus as well as Web-based distance-learning classes around the world. Recently, various educational institutions have attempted to leverage their online laboratory developments by broadly sharing them across institutional boundaries. While virtual experiments represent scalable software simulations, hardware-based remote experiments can only be used by one person or group of persons at a time. This paper describes the design and prototype implementation of a scheduling system for shared online laboratory resources, which can be employed to coordinate reservations of usage time for multiple geographically dispersed users. This scheduling system facilitates various priority levels for user requests, thus allowing different modes of usage, such as experimental demonstrations during a live class by an instructor and experiments carried out either individually by one user or collaboratively by multiple users. This software module can also be integrated into a more general resource management system, which enables the standardized description of and efficient search for online resources. Collectively, such tools have the potential for leading to fundamental changes in engineering and science laboratory education.
Demonstrations can be very effective at engaging students, generating interest in a topic, and enhancing student learning. Demonstrations can occur at three different stages of a course topic: as an introduction, as a wrap-up and an aid used throughout the class discussion of a topic. A key component to an effective demonstration is active student engagement throughout the entire process. This means students are involved in discussing the purpose of the demo; predicting what will happen during the demo; discussing who developed theories to help us understand what happens during the demo; and comparing observations to predictions, as opposed to simply passively watching a demonstration. This paper presents a model for infusing demonstrations into an engineering science class and the use of this model during a semester. Demonstrations in this class incorporate both software simulation and physical models of dynamic systems. While physical models provide a concrete example, computer simulations allow the exploration of &#x201C;what-if&#x201D; scenarios and greater meta-cognitive activities. Assessment includes components from both faculty and students.
A new freshman engineering curriculum has been implemented at Louisiana Tech University to boost hands-on learning, student confidence and innovation. The new curriculum, called Living WITH the Lab, increases experiential learning by moving the ownership and maintenance of laboratory equipment from the university to the students. Each student purchases a robotics kit with a programmable controller, sensors, servos, and software along with a toolkit to provide the basis for a mobile laboratory and design platform. A basic tenet of the curriculum is that student-owned labs motivate student learning and broaden the spectrum of projects and design topics that can be addressed, thus facilitating innovation. The curriculum has been piloted for the past five years, and we are currently in the first year of full implementation to over 350 students thanks to a Phase II NSF CCLI grant. The paper presents the curriculum objectives, details of the three courses that make up the freshman curriculum, faculty training activities, and assessment results.
Virtual Manufacturing Technology is new development direction to traditional CAD/CAM technology. At present, VMT becomes the important aided tool of modern mechanical engineering design. Virtual simulation is the firm basis of realizing such technology. VRML is a 3D modeling language and popular data transmission choice on the Internet. This paper researches structural parameter design and simulation of 2-DOF Parallel Mechanism. 3D modeling methods by UG software and the mechanism testing platform module were presented and given. And then mechanism&#x02019;s motion equations were deduced. This paper provides a simulation system of 2-DOF Parallel Mechanism testing platform on the basis of its movement analysis, and also offers methods and procedure of developing the interactive simulation. At last, the interactive simulation can be observed and the solution validity is verified.
Chinese features extraction is indispensable in a processing of Chinese natural language because it is beneficial to Chinese text knowledge discovery and information retrieval. Chinese Segmentation is the precondition of features extraction. To conquer the disadvantage of current Chinese segmentation methods, such as lexicon-based scheme, syntax and rules-based scheme, statistics-based scheme and the integration method of the above scheme, the maximum matching and frequency statistics (MMFS) segmentation method based on length descending and string frequency statistics was put forward. To extract shorter words and phrases included in longer ones, a novel Chinese hierarchy feature extraction method based on MMFS and iterative learning was proposed. This method can obtain hierarchy feature according to morphology with no lexicon, no acquiring the probability between words in advance and no Chinese character index. Experimental results confirmed the efficiency of this statistical method in extracting Chinese hierarchy feature.
Predicting stock performance is a very large and profitable area of study. A large number of studies have been reported in literature with reference to the use of artificial neural network in modeling stock performance in western countries.However, not much work along the approach to neural network based on agent has been reported. This thesis focuses on the development and the simulation of a stock market performance model of utilizing a neural network approach base on agent. This model is easy to understand, and can be easily implemented as a software simulation. First we will discuss the basic concepts behind this type of neural network based on agent, then, we'll get into some of the more application ideas.
A parallel preconditioned conjugate gradient iterative algorithm for finite element problems with coarse-mesh/fine-mesh formulation is presented in this paper. An efficient preconditioner is derived from the multigrid stiffness matrix. The algorithm is implemented on a cluster of workstation. Example of solution of simple linear elastic problem on rectangular grids is presented and parallel performance is discussed.
This paper introduces multi-output support vector machine regression (M-SVR) by using the re-weight iterative algorithm. Then the problem of online learning of M-SVR is solved by given the iterative formula for the weight of regression function using the gradient descent algorithm of instantaneous risk. Computer experiments show that the accuracy and workload of the algorithm are superior to that using several one-dimensional output SVRs algorithm.
Model checking is a formal technique for software verification. In the early stage of software development, it can be used to validate software models. If the result of model checking is false, producing a counterexample, the developer fixes the target model employing information obtained from the counterexample. However, as no systematic method is known, how to fix the model is highly dependent on the developer's skill and experience. In this paper, we propose an iterative method for fixing models based on counterexamples. For this purpose, Multi-Valued Transition Systems (four-valued, to be precise) are used to allow iterative model improvement. Firstly, a MVTS model that satisfies all properties validated so far is generated. Secondly, another MVTS model is synthesized from the counterexample that avoids the paths to lead to the counterexample. Then, the two models are merged using the behavioral model merging technique. The advantage of our approach is that both safety properties and liveness properties can be treated in the same way.
A novel algorithm for solving nonlinear equations is proposed. The computation is carried out by simple gradient descent rule with adaptive variable step-size. In order to make the algorithm be absolutely convergent, its convergence theorem was presented and proved. The convergence theorem indicates the theory criterion selecting the magnitude of the learning rate . Some specific examples show the application of the method. The results illustrate the proposed method can solve effectively nonlinear equations at a very rapid convergence and very high accuracy. Furthermore, it has also the added advantage of being able to compute exactly nonlinear equations.
In this paper, we construct a neural-network iteration formula for simultaneously finding all roots of an algebraic polynomials with adaptive parameters. Its convergence was researched. The specific examples showed that the proposed method can simultaneously find all zeros of polynomials at a very rapid convergence and very high accuracy with less computation.
Double precision floating point Sparse Matrix-Vector Multiplication (SMVM) is a critical computational kernel used in iterative solvers for systems of sparse linear equations. The poor data locality exhibited by sparse matrices along with the high memory bandwidth requirements of SMVM result in poor performance on general purpose processors. Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs) offer a possible alternative with their customizable and application-targeted memory sub-system and processing elements.
The conjugate gradient is a prominent iterative method for solving systems of sparse linear equations. Large-scale scientific applications often utilize a conjugate gradient solver at their computational core. Since a single iteration of a conjugate gradient solver requires a sparse matrix-vector multiply operation it is imperative that this operation be computed efficiently. In this paper we present a field programmable gate array (FPGA) based implementation of a double precision, non-preconditioned, conjugate gradient solver for finite-element or finite-difference methods. We show that our FPGA implementation can outperform current generation processors while running at a ~30X slower clock rate. Our work utilizes the SRC Computers, Inc. MAPStation hardware platform along with the &#x0201C;Carte&#x0201D; software programming environment.
In evolving applications, there is a need for the dynamic selection of algorithms or algorithm parameters. Such selection is hardly ever&#x0A0;&#x0A0;governed by exact theory, so intelligent recommender systems have&#x0A0;&#x0A0;been proposed. In our application area, the iterative solution of&#x0A0;&#x0A0;linear systems of equations, the recommendation process is&#x0A0;&#x0A0;especially complicated, since the classes have a multi-dimensional&#x0A0;&#x0A0;structure. We discuss different strategies of recommending the different components of the algorithms.
In order to overcome the computation and storage problem for large-scale data set, an efficient iterative method of Generalized Discriminant Analysis is proposed. Because sample vectors cannot explicitly be denoted in kernel space, some mathematical tricks are firstly used to transform the kernel matrix. Then, the columns of transformed matrix are used for iterative algorithm to extract nonlinear discriminant vectors. The proposed method reduces space complexity from o(m^2) to o(m) and its effectiveness is validated from experimental results.
<para> This paper presents a generalized transmission-line approach to determine the transfer function of a power-line network of a two-conductor system (two parallel conductors) with distributed branches. The channel frequency responses are derived considering different terminal loads and branches. The model's time-domain behavior is validated using commercial power system simulation software called Alternative Transients Program&#x2013;Electromagnetic Transients Program (ATP&#x2013;EMTP). The simulation results from the model for three different topologies considered have excellent agreement with corresponding ATP&#x2013;EMTP results. Hence, the model can be considered as a tool to characterize any given power-line channel topology that involves the two-conductor system. In the companion paper (Part II), the proposed method is extended for a multiconductor power-line system. </para>
<para> We provide an example proving that there exists no quadratic Lyapunov function for a certain class of linear agreement/consensus algorithms, a fact that had been numerically verified in <citerefgrp><citeref refid="ref6"/> </citerefgrp>. We also briefly discuss sufficient conditions for the existence of such a Lyapunov function. </para>
<para> This technical note proposes a novel frequency-selective Kalman-Yakubovich-Popov (FS&#x2013;KYP) lemma for analysis of single-input single-output (SISO) continuous systems. In contrast to existing approaches, the proposed method only uses a minimal number of variables due to the absence of Lyapunov variables in semidefinite programming (SDP) formulation. The SDP formulation is extended to polytopic uncertain systems also without any additional variable and yields an efficient method for computation of the <formula formulatype="inline"> <tex Notation="TeX">$H_{infty} $</tex></formula> gain for polytopic systems. The viability of the proposed method are demonstrated through several numerical examples. </para>
In this paper we revisit the carrier frequency offset (CFO) estimation and removal for broadband orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) systems. We propose an algorithm that explores the time-domain (TD) properties of transmitted symbols carrying pilots and data. A careful examination of the components that constitute the TD received symbols leads to the definition of a simple, yet effective, cost function. In a real scenario, the cost function presents a bowl shape with a single global minimum easily identifiable (no local minima). The proposed method is independent of the channel estimation and decision, presenting a very low computational load. The feasibility of the investigated method is substantiated by system simulation using BRAN-A broadband wireless channel model. Simulation results show that the impact of the residual CFO in the system&#x2019;s performance is minimal.
According to dynamics computation model of the overhead crane, analyse the load swing when the small trolley is moving, and obtain the swing kinematics equation of the load. Further, carry out the computer dynamic simulation with the 32t double beams overhead crane as an instance whose results verify the swing kinematics equation and represent the true moving process of the load when the small trolley is moving. That research method is portable so that it is suitable for researches on the load swing of other type cranes such as Shore container hoist crane, gantry crane and so on.
The hydraulic AGC system of aluminum cold rolling mill is directly related to the quality and effectiveness of cold rolling aluminum sheet strips. Traditional PID control becomes difficult to satisfy the necessity of improving the control performance of cold rolling mill. High precision, simple and effective control strategies are very important for the hydraulic AGC system of cold rolling mill. For the complex control problems, it is also desirable to integrate neural networks into fuzzy control so as to simplify and automate the specification of linguistic rules. This leads to good adaptation, good robustness and less dependency on the precise model of the control system. In the paper, a fuzzy neural networks control has been developed and applied to the screw-down mechanism control of hydraulic AGC system of cold rolling mill. The simulation experiment results verify the superiority of the proposed compound control to the conventional PID control in the static and dynamic control performance. The merits of both fuzzy control and artificial neural networks are well used in the hydraulic AGC system of aluminum cold rolling mill.
In this paper, the concept of the frequently covered points (FCP) and the infrequently covered points (ICP) is presented. By means of the cutpoints sieve method, we can rapidly pick out the corresponding cutpoints of ICP, namely preferred cutpoints, from all pending cutpoints of interval attributes. And then, only preferred cutpoints are used for computing information entropy of partition (IEP). Finally, the interval-valued decision tree can be built by IEP. The experiment indicates that, in general, this method could, to a great extent, reduce the computational complexity of creation of decision tree, thereby, improving the efficiency of classification.
Lecturing a Discrete Event Simulation course implies some challenges for the instructors. These challenges implies taking decisions from the design of the course to the selection of the didactic strategy to be used in each lecture. On the other hand, the use of games during a lecture make easier the understanding of simulation concepts. Moreover, games may be designed to show the impact of changing the value of the decision variables, similar to a decision support system software. This paper presents a methodology to design an interactive simulation game, useful to teach discrete event simulation for undergraduate courses. The main objective of the game is to create an environment to make easier the students&#x2019; understanding about simulation, such that they may learn the benefits of using simulation as modeling and analysis tool, and they may receive training on decision making concepts.
The paper describes an approach for an aggregated animation of a simulation experiment in an interactive 3D environment, visualizing multiple, distributed simulation runs. Although the general approach of a 3-dimensional visualization of material flow simulation helps to understand the dynamic behavior of a system better as well as faster, it remains unclear, how typical the animated simulation represents the model, if there is a stochastic influence for even some parameters. By the integrated visualization of multiple distributed simulation runs, this uncertainty can be solved, which will be shown in this paper for a typical simulation study of a queuing system.
Providing software that is efficient, flexible, reusable and easy to work with is a hard task for simulation developers. In this paper we propose the use of XML and its related tools (e.g. JAXB, XQuery, XSLT, and Native XML Database) for the implementation of a technology-unified data pipeline targeted to interactive simulation. We introduce a technology-independent conceptual data model as the basis for every simulation framework. We show that XML is a well-suited technology to be used in that context. We propose a data modeling methodology that takes its roots from Model-Driven Engineering (MDE). We also show a sample implementation that uses XML for transmitting data over the entire simulation loop. We thus present our experience in implementing that kind of architecture and discuss how the use of XML and associated technologies help in building a unified and generic data pipeline for interactive simulation.
In this paper, we address a generalized method of mapping a control system simulation model to the PLC emulator being tested using model variables and PLC tags under the offline commissioning environment. For this research we created an example system similar to a high speed packaging system described in a previous WSC paper. Implementation experience using Rockwell Software applications is provided.
Modular construction has the advantage of producing structures quickly and efficiently, while not requiring the resources to build a structure to be co-located with the construction site. Large modules can be produced in quality controlled environments, and then shipped to the construction site and assembled with minimal labor requirements. An additional advantage is that once the modules are on-site, construction can proceed extremely quickly. This is ideal for situations where compressed schedules are required in order to meet client&#x2019;s time constraints. This paper examines using software simulation, specifically Simphony.NET, in the design and analysis of the construction process. This is done both before and after project execution to predict productivity and duration and also to allow for exploration of alternate construction scenarios.
Holonic manufacturing systems is one of the important contents in next generation manufacturing systems-intelligent manufacturing systems. A study of process planning architecture in holonic manufacturing systems was performed; a concurrent model of process planning was presented to integrate the information in computer-aided design and production scheduling systems, the holonic architecture for CIPPS is developed and the cooperative model for CIPPS is established and discussed.
This paper deals with the modeling, analysis and controlled simulation (motion control) of a two degree of freedom pan tilt platform (PTP) for positioning or aiming a device. The PTP has two revolute joints. The PTP, with two degrees of freedom, is a device that makes it possible for the camera to point in a desired direction when mounted under a carrier such as an aircraft. The objective of this research work is to derive a linear and nonlinear control system of the PTP to point in a desired direction within allowable specifications. This paper covers the feedback control system with PD controllers for position control of pan and tilt mechanism. These PD controllers derived from linear system model are also used in nonlinear control system simulation. The nonlinear control system developed in this paper is nearest to the physical system. To perform the analysis and simulation, all the parameters involved in the system dynamics were identified. The practicality of this research work can be extended to a broad range of applications. The most apparent use is in security, where there is a strong emphasis on reliably neutralizing threats without risking human life. The unmanned aerial systems (i.e. the PTP on unmanned aerial vehicle) can provide significant reductions in manpower and risk to humans for critical security roles. The role of PTP has been increased significantly in the last few years in the security and defense applications.
The mixed model assembly lines are a type of production line where a variety of product models similar with product characteristic are assembled. In the assembly line balancing problem, the tasks required to assemble the product model are allocated to workstations. Precedence graphs of all models should be combined to a non-cyclical joint precedence graph according to ranked positional weigh algorithm. The multiple objective sequencing problems was described and its mathematical formulation was developed considering two practically important objectives: minimizing total over and idle time, keeping a constant rate of part usage. The multi-objective genetic algorithm was applied to sequencing mixed model assembly lines. In an experiment of a mixed model assembly line balancing and sequencing problem demonstrate the feasibility of this method. The virtual simulation model and control logic of transmission was built on the base of the eM-Power software of digital factory. The workload rate and production evaluation were developed and the results were feasible.
In this paper, we consider synchronous stationary and nonstationary multi-splitting Schwarz methods for solving the linear complementarity problems. Moreover, We establish two convergence theorems of the methods by using the concept of H-compatible splitting.
Stirrer is the key component of reverberation chamber and the shape, dimension and number of the stirrers are important parameters that affect the field uniformity property. In this paper, based on computer simulation technology, three kind of stirrers with different structure and dimension are designed, and the effects of stirrer on the field uniformity at low frequency in a reverberation chamber are studied in detail. The results show that field uniformity of the reverberation chamber could be improved remarkably through proper design of structure and dimension of the stirrer as well as increase the stirrer number. Besides, the effect of different stirrer positions design on the field uniformity is also investigated.
This paper proposes a practical method to identify the parameters in the train motion model. Focusing on the repeatability of the train motion system, the new method develops an iterative learning identifier to estimate the parameters through repetitive trials. With rigorous analysis, it is shown that each parameter can effectively converge to its actual point after enough iteration. At last, the numerical simulation demonstrates the validity of the proposed method.
This paper deals with the problem of fault detection (FD) for a class of singular stochastic systems. The correlative FD problem is transformed into the nonlinear dynamic weight system based on probability density function (PDF) modeled by square root B-spline expansions technique. Nonlinear observer is designed to estimate the state. Synchronously, an interrelated Lyapunov function is presented to verify the stability of the error estimation system. The design can detected the fault through an adaptive threshold. Finally, a numerical example is exploited to demonstrate the effectiveness of the compensator obtained.
In this paper, the parallel alternating algorithm for solving the system of linear equations Ax=b is investigated. The convergence result for the method is given when the coefficient matrix is a nonsingular H-matrix.
To propose an adaptive error checking solution on the basis of estimation of the change trend of packet-loss rate, the solution improved auto repeat request method based on RDP to realize real-time transportation in a low packet-loss rate. And in order to solve the problem of error checking in a low transmitting rate, it made use of improved forward error correction to decollate images at the basis of varying sending rate. In practice, this solution can bring better effect.
In this paper , we provide a new method through modifying the iterative matrix of Newton method . For this modification, we prove general local convergence results .The new method improves the condition number of the Hessian . The numeric results shows that the new method avoid the singular phenomenon.
Based on system simulation technology of MATLAB/Simulink, this article establishes the system mathematical model by applying the mechanism modeling method; designs and implements the real time simulation system for inverted pendulum servo-control system. The 2-DOF planar robot based inverted pendulum system is a multivariable, nonlinear and unstable actual controlled plant, which has been put in the simulation system loop for simulation study, including designing the system controller, building up the virtual instrument, monitoring the system operation in real-time, on-line and testing the system dynamic properties, this control result is good.
Based on the analysis of PMSG (permanent magnet synchronous generator) wind power system mathematical model, summarized the basic principles and design process of quantitative feedback theory, a PMSG-based wind power generation with parameter uncertainty controller is designed to capture maximum energy under rated wind speed. A PMSG wind power control system simulation model is established, based on the intuitive interface and powerful mathematical functions of VisSim software. Simulation results indicate that the proposed control method can effectively implement maximum energy capture under rated wind speed, even if the wind speed changes in a large range.
An approach to the implementation of virtual-labs well-suited for control education is proposed. The virtual-lab model is described in the Modelica language and it is adapted for interactive simulation by applying a systematic methodology. The virtual-lab view (i.e., the user-to-model interactive interface) is composed by connecting predefined components of Interactive, a free Modelica library presented in this manuscript. Interactive contains a set of ready-to-use Modelica models of visual interactive elements (i.e., containers, animated 3D geometric shapes and interactive controls), intended to facilitate easy definition of the virtual-lab view and the model-to-view communication. Finally, the Modelica description of the virtual-lab is translated into executable code using the Dymola modeling environment. The interactive component models provided in the Interactive library are C++ code generators: when the virtual-lab is executed, the C++ code describing the virtual-lab view and the bidirectional model-to-view communication is automatically generated. The generated C++ code uses the VTK and Qt libraries. The proposed approach is illustrated by means of an example: the development of the virtual-lab of a double-pipe heat exchanger, which is intended for chemical-process control education.
For upgrading the reusing capacity of domain Knowledge of Automotive panel intelligent manufacturing, the hierarchical describing approach fused knowledge Automotive panel products is put forward. An intergrating sorting tree considering shape feature, structure feature and application classifing feature is brought forward, a five-hierarchical AP integrated IM is established, the case-representing methods and reasoning arithmetic based on design rules are given. Finally, AP integrated IM based on multi-domain knowledge is set up by feature mapping. The result provides an effective technology support for shortened development cycle and improving AP quality.
A novel scheme for nonlinear predictive control of Switched Reluctance Motor(SRM) based on Target State Equations (TSEs) is proposed in this paper. According to the nonlinear model of SRM, the offsets of the torque and angular speed of SRM is defined as TSEs by applying the nonlinear control theory. Based on TSEs and predictive control theory, a nonlinear predictive control for SRM control system is designed. Using the torque and angular speed as feedback variables, a nonlinear predictive control law is got. The designed controller is validated by software simulation and hardware experiment.The results of simulation and experiment show that the scheme has excellent dynamic and static performances, and good effects for restraining the ripple of torque of SRM simultaneously.
The simulation based on the Multi-Agent plays an important role in the research of economics. This paper formulates the game theory model of information sharing in virtual enterprise. Using the computer simulation technology of Multi-Agent, we study the causes of difficulty in forming and maintaining the cooperation of information sharing in virtual enterprise. The results show that the sharing costs, the punitive coefficient and the initial rate of cooperation are the factors influencing the level of cooperation in information sharing. At last, we put forward the corresponding measures of enhancing the level of cooperation.
According to industrial characteristics of telecom market, this paper simulates the game among telecom operators in the market by computer simulation technology. It further puts forward a method to certificate illegalness of predatory pricing and verifies its effectiveness in both cases of limited interconnection and sufficient interconnection. The conclusions are: (1) when interconnection is limited, this method will protect the survival space of disadvantaged enterprise and improve consumer's welfare in the form of promoting competition; (2) when interconnection is sufficient, this method will stimulate innovation and protect technological progress and consumer's welfare in the long run by providing enterprise with appropriate profits.
Modern processors are becoming more complex and as features and application size increase, their evaluation is becoming more time-consuming. To date, design space exploration relies on extensive use of software simulation that when highly accurate is slow.
Most CMPs use on-chip networks to connect cores and tend to integrate more simple cores on a single die. Low-radix networks, such as 2D-MESH, are widely used in tiled CMPs since they can be mapped to on-chip networks efficiently. However, low-radix networks introduce high network latency caused by long diameter. In this paper, we propose the use of group-caching design in NoC based multicore cache coherent systems. In our design, on-chip L2 banks are organized to form multiple groups. Each cache group behaves like a shared L2 cache for the cores inside cache group while the cache coherence between cache groups is maintained by coherence messages. Besides, group-caching also adopts the new cache replacement policy to improve the inefficient use of the aggregate L2 cache capacity. Compared to banked and shared L2 design, as most L2 accesses are served by local cache group, the hop count is significantly reduced. Experiment results based on full-system simulation show that for 2D-MESH, group-caching can increase the performance by 2%～8%compared to banked and shared L2 design, with network energy consumption reduced by 11%～13%. Experiment results also show that the communication overhead inside cache group plays an important role in the performance of groupcaching.
Simulation for excavation of earth-rock work can be close to reality and reflect the details of work progress and improve the efficient of earth-rock materials, if the thinking of modeling based on Multi-Agent is drew into simulation system for Excavation of earth-rock work. It introduces the theory of Agent and Multi-Agent System at first. Then the modeling of system simulation based on Multi-Agent to combine excavation of earth-rock work is discussed. Meanwhile, it expounds the structure for excavation system of earth-rock work based on Multi-Agent and their relationships among subset Agents, including agent of production plan, agent for prediction of hydrological and climate, agent for management of machine equipments, agent for setting parameters of Yard, and so on. Finally the process of implementation for excavation simulation system of earth-rock work based on Multi-Agent is devoted, the actual project as case is analyzed.
This paper demonstrates the linkage between logistics system simulation and teaching mode, and explores new teaching methods and teaching ideas. It puts emphasis on analyzing the application of logistics simulation technology in the logistics system and exploring appropriate teaching modes of logistics system simulation. We make a point of the application of logistics system theory knowledge and the training of practical ability. Based on those above, it also expatiates upon cases analytical method full of inspiration and practicality, the experimental training method, and integration of teaching, learning and research methods, and so on. It aims to enhance students' comprehensive understanding of the logistics system and professional logistics simulation technology through the widespread use of those methods.
This paper, based on comprehensive analysis to the education way of Fachhochschule (German universities of application science and technology) and Chinese actual conditions, discusses how the education way of Fachhochschule enlightens the cultivation of the application-oriented talents of Civil Engineering in China? and sets forth the detailed ideas and ways for implementing “Engineering Analysis” teaching based on computer simulation technology so as to enhance the cultivation of engineering competency of application -oriented talents.
On the basis of computer simulation technology, we construct a group of consumers in this document based on random variables by setting personalized parameters of consumer. Furthermore, we simulate the dynamic economic process of expansion of new technology in JBuilder and verify the existence of critical mass in network effects. We also analyze influencing factors of critical mass, such as consumer characteristic, price, technology stock, transfer cost and interconnection.
In this paper, the corrosion fatigue crack propagation behavior of aluminum alloy specimens in corrosive solution has been investigated. Based upon the experimental results of corrosion fatigue growth, we proposed the stochastic processes method and the AFGROW software simulation method to predicate the numerical simulation of corrosion fatigue crack growth. The predicted crack growth curves agree well with experimental results.
Real-time simulations of modern power electronic systems require very short frame times of the order of a few microseconds or less. Recent research has developed techniques using digital signal processors or field-programmable gate arrays to meet this need. Integrating these high-speed simulations in a complete power system simulation often requires multi-rate simulation techniques and integration of the high-speed platforms with conventional platforms based on a real-time operating system such as a real-time version of Linux.
To improve energy flexibility and deal with peak energy demand in shipboard power system, a bi-directional dc/dc converter is investigated for a notional U.S. Navy Medium Voltage DC (MVDC) shipboard power system. Surplus energy due to light electric load or ship-speed variation can be captured by energy storages distributed in 800V load zones and during heavy load or black starting condition, supplied to the rest of the 5kV MVDC system through the bi-directional dc/dc converters. This paper presents the controller optimization process using the Particle Swarm Optimization for an isolated-type bi-directional dc-dc converter. The control performance of the proposed controller is evaluated using small-signal average models and a large-scale simulation of the notional U.S. Navy MVDC system using the Real-Time Digital Simulator.
This paper presents an approach to performing thermal-electrical coupled co-simulation of hybrid power system and cooling system of future all-electric Navy ships. The goal is to study the transient interactions between the electrical and the thermal sub-systems. The approach utilizes an existing Solid Oxide Fuel Cell (SOFC) / Gas Turbine (GT) hybrid electrical power model and the ship cooling system model developed on the Virtual Test Bed (VTB) platform at University of South Carolina. The integrated system simulation approach merges the thermal modeling capacity with the electrical modeling capacity in the same platform. The paper first briefly discusses the dynamic SOFC / GT hybrid engine system combined with propulsion plant model. It then describes ship cooling system model and the interactions between the electrical and the thermal sub-systems. A simple application scenario has been implemented and analyzed to illustrate the simulation. Dynamic responses of coupled thermal-electrical systems are explored under a step change of the service load to reveal important system interactions.
Using vector control (VC) theory for AC machines can result in high performance speed and torque responses. An induction machine driven by a vector control system exhibits behavior similar to a separately excited DC machine with independently controlled flux and torque. In this paper the d-q model of an induction motor drive is used to derive the state space matrix representation of the drive system. A state observer model using the machine currents and speed measurements is analyzed. The estimator is derived by direct synthesis from the state equations. A space vector pulse width modulation (SV-PWM) inverter is used to supply the power waveforms to the induction motor. The model implementation and system simulation is performed using MATLAB/Simulink software. Finally, the overall vector control system is validated in real-time using a hardware in loop (HIL) system based on the dSPACE CLP1104 control board.
General neural networks always converge to local optimal position when solving global optimal problem but dual symmetrical neural networks can overcome this shortcoming . The model and algorithms that dual symmetrical neural networks is used to solve direction finding(DF) and frequency measurement are presented in this paper, dual symmetrical neural networks can solve global optimal problem while general neural networks is used to solve global optimal problem always do not succeed because it always converge to local optimal position. Result of software simulation demonstrates this methods is viable.
It has been shown in previous work that the design of the input pattern plays and important role in intrinsic evolvable hardware. The results have shown that randomising the input pattern during the course of evolution is mandatory in order to achieve valid circuits that work correctly under all conditions. Furthermore, it was found that randomising the input pattern order helps evolution to avoid local optima. Due to the fact that it becomes exponentially more difficult to successfully evolve circuits with increasing number of outputs, this paper addresses the importance of the input pattern order problem (IPOP) for the second time, with a focus on the intrinsic evolution of digital circuits with multiple outputs. In this paper, we investigate whether it is also possible to design the input pattern in a way to improve the performance of evolution when tackling multiple output problems. A different approach to IPOP is taken, where input pattern order is used as a method of balancing the distribution of the output values. The aim is to equalise the fitness value range by using weighted input vectors in order to obtain a smoother search landscape for multiple output circuits. The proposed method is tested on the intrinsic evolution of 4-bit AND, 4-bit parity, 2-bit full adder, and 2-bit multiplier. Furthermore, the results for the intrinsically evolved multipliers are compared with software simulations in order to determine whether there is a benefit for both intrinsic and extrinsic evolution.
With the rapid development of simulation technology and video conference, the research of the video conference in distributed interactive simulation environment is important. The transfer of floor is deeply discussed; the structure of scheduling system and two indicators (Loss Rate and Average of Tardiness) which measure the efficiency of scheduling algorithm are introduced in this paper. An algorithm of the floor transfer is advanced; this algorithm achieved the expected goals in the experiment. Based on the algorithm, the total design of video conference based on RTI is introduced, and the method of video and audio data transmission, which is implemented by HLA interactive class and RTI services, is described in detail.
This paper proposes a method for taking Laboratory scale distillation columns as objects and Matlab as the main development tool to constitute the Hardware-in-the-Loop Simulation System for distillation columns. The system achieves real-time data fetch and system data management by using the API interface and Database Toolbox of Matlab; the system simulation platform designed by taking advantage of the Matlab Graphics User Interface (GUI) environment is interactive and scalable. It has been proven as the way to establish a hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) simulation laboratory platform for a control system based on available process laboratory equipment and can be applied universally.
The shipborne manipulator studied in this paper is a new foldaway crane system with retractable arms working on ships and controlled by the drive of its hydraulic system. A visual simulation system for this shipborne manipulator with virtual reality (VR) completed by OpenGL is studied and put up with based on the synthetical research of the characteristics and work condition for this kind of shipborne manipulator. The main characteristics of structure and functions of the simulation system are also presented. The intelligent controller based on CMAC (Cerebellar Model Articulation Controller) is described. It is a useful simulation model and system for the further study on the kinematics and dynamics control theory of this kind of system similar as robot. The results of simulation show that controller has good stability and accuracy and the virtual simulation system is workable and effective. This system is not only an important virtual environment for the crane's work on the sea but also the necessary reference of training for the operator and control.
A high order contactless power supply based on a current-fed full-bridge resonant converter is modeled using GSSA (Generalized State Space Averaging) method. After representing the inverting networking and the rectifier with voltage and current controlled sources, both continuous and discrete models are derived to analyze the steady-state and dynamic performance of the system. The results obtained show a good agreement with PSpice simulation of the actual circuit, proving the models developed can be used for fast system simulation and analysis.
According to the flight dynamic mathematical model and the kinematic mathematical model, this article adopts the Visual C++6.0 visualization development environment and the OpenGL programming technology to simulate the flight rule of the aircraft. The flight environment virtual simulation system can simulate the flight rules in 3D space and users can control the 3D aircraft real time by the keyboards, and the main parameters of the aircraft can dynamically change with it, and the interface of the software is friendly and easy to operate.
The focus of the present work is on introducing the simulation approach based on software to the adjustable speed AC drive system curriculum. These techniques not only help to develop a deeper understanding of adjustable speed AC drive system but also to evaluate performance and feasibility of control strategies and topological features without fabrication of a real system. Typical elements and control strategies are modeled and simulated. Simulation results provide an overview of the capability and limitations of various control schemes. It is expected that this work will be of use to students as well as researchers who are interested in studying and researching AC drive.
Software chip is designed to present a study software platform without support of hardware entity by simulating hardware chip operating function. The paper introduces the concept of software chip, and presents software chip design methods. When designing a software chip, specific and related things or controls are chosen to substitute for the abstract functions of the chip, and signal flow trend and corresponding output, following operating principle of the chip, will be designed in the style that functions of the chip are visually displayed on the action of virtual input controls. Two different types of examples are presented to explain the design methods, and the mechanisms, functions and intuitive demonstration means of the example hardware chips are analyzed and all these by software simulation are realized.
Train operation control system is one complex system with some feature like real-time and distributing, aim at different application purpose and operation process of system lifecycle, the emphasize point and level of detail is different. In this paper, MRM-based Simulation Support Technology and it’s application was studied, the modeling theory and method was studied systematically; the Aggregation-Disaggregation problem and settle method of MRM model run together in distributing simulation was studied, solving the couple consistency problem of MRM model; design the distributing and interactive simulation system structure base on HLA, the simulation support technology base on different level resolution was studied. Aim at practical demand of Chinese railway development, the modeling method base on MRM and modeling system structure aim at different simulation motivation was studied, the MRM modeling of key subsystem and parts of Train operation control system was studied, combine with practical work pattern of key parts, study the simulation of constructed model.
This paper utilizes Vensim version 5.8 to build the system dynamics simulation model of the inventory control in distributor system and makes comparison and analysis of the model’s simulation outputs under different circumstances. We wish that all these simulations would provide scientific supports for enterprise management decision.
Investigated the environmental assessment from the point of system simulation, the environment assessment system belongs to the discrete event dynamic system. According to the comparison between the environment assessment system and the military command automation system, there are many common grounds in essence. Therefore, in order to solve the problems exist in environmental assessment field nowadays, the relative theories of the military command automation system (C4ISR) were transplanted to environmental assessment field. Finally, based on the information technology and the simulation technology one solution was constructed named Environmental Assessment Automation System-C4ISRE (Command, Control, Communications, Computer, Intelligence, Surveillance, Reconnaissance, Environmental Assessment). The relative theories of C4ISRE including Discrete Event Dynamic Systems (DEDS), the technology of using Petri Net (PN) to analyze and model the DEDS, Distributed Virtual Reality (DVR), Computer Generated Forces (CGF), Synthetic Natural Environment (SNE), Dynamic Environment Simulation (DSE), Environmental Assessment(EA). The integration of upper contents constructs the theory frame of Informatization Environmental Assessment (IEA?and also makes a stable theoretical base for IEA’s further research.
This paper presents a pulse generator circuit that produces a stream of pulses at pseudorandom time intervals. The proposed circuit may serve as a stimulus generator for code density testing of time-to-digital converters (TDCs). The functional behavior of the circuit was first investigated with a software model coded in C $++$. The software simulation showed that the interpulse intervals only uniformly cover their domain at a given resolution if the greatest common divisor between the intervals and the observation window is 1 with respect to a common reference clock. In a second step, the circuit was implemented in hardware using very high-speed integrated circuit (VHSIC) hardware description language (VHDL) and tested on a Xilinx Spartan-3 field-programmable gate array (FPGA) platform. The pulse density histograms obtained from the software and hardware test cases show pulse distributions with nonlinearity values within one least significant bit (LSB). In the end, the circuit was used as a stimulus generator for code density testing of a TDC circuit on an FPGA.
To maintain high performance in communication systems, it is required have optimal design and analysis of antenna for RFID tags at UHF and Microwave Frequency. In this approach paper the main focus is on the specific characteristics of RFID for advanced applications in current development of RFID antenna. To reduce size of antenna meander line structure of antenna is adopted. The antenna modeling and system simulation of an RFID communication has been investigated in this paper. The basic need in RFID is to miniaturize the size of tag, which contains the antenna and an integrated circuit. In this paper we have paid a large attention to reduce the size of an antenna by using meander line structures.
A novel 3D interactive simulation system for Li/MnO2 coin cell production line was presented in this paper. In order to solve the shortcomings of using traditional solid model for static simulation, the 3D visualization of the model and interactive motion simulation for Li/MnO2 coin cell production line was realized by AutoCAD/3dsmax/VR-Platform interaction through the external software interface. The 3D assembling model was built by AutoCAD software and exported into the 3ds max environment by DWG format for rendering, and then channeled into VR-Platform software for creating virtual environment, human-computer interface and database connection inquiry for interactive simulation. Based on these techniques, the simulation system is achieved and provides an adequate interactive simulation interface for Li/MnO2 coin cell production line manufacturing process simulation, perfect information inquiries for designer and manager. Therefore the research of 3D interactive simulation system for Li/MnO2 coin cell production line has important research value and application prospect.
The paper discusses the characteristic of container terminals automatic yard system and the purpose of system simulation. A series of numeric simulation model of the container yard logistics system were constructed based the AutoMod software. The models were checked up and applied in a certain container terminals automatic yard, the analysis of the results shows that the models were tried. Some research on the optimization of yard machine scheme was made, and some reasonable result achieved. All this provides the decision support for the terminal management.
The process flow of general automotive assembly and the production characteristic were analyzed in order to improve assembly efficiency. The minimal production set was introduced to the mixed model motor scheduling problem. The objective function of minimizing of total over and idle time based on the moving time windows of closed station and the keeping a constant rate of part in JIT environment were built. The optimization algorithms of sequencing were analyzed. The AGV scheduling problem of the mixed model assembly line was analyzed by queuing analysis and optimization techniques. The virtual simulation object, simulation model and control logic of the transmission group for general automotive assembly process were build on the base of the eM-Power software plat of digital factory according to the assembly process. The production evaluation was developed and the results were feasible.
Spiral bevel gear milling machine is one typical representative of complex manufacturing equipments, it is important for the mechanical manufacturing industry to improve the spiral bevel gear milling machine’s manufacturing capacity. One virtual simulation machining model of new type spiral bevel gear milling machine is set up with the simulation machining software, VERICUT, based on machining mechanism of spiral bevel gear and analyses on the structure and kinematic relation of new type spiral bevel gear milling machine, PHOENIX?II CNC spiral bevel gear milling machine. One method to calculate the new type spiral bevel gear milling machine’s motion parameters is also proposed. The virtual simulation machining on one pair of given spiral bevel gears has been carried out with the spiral bevel gear milling machine’s motion parameters calculated by MATLAB, the result of virtual simulation machining indicates that the virtual simulation machining model is reasonable.
In this paper a partly unified hardware/software design flow is presented. It uses SystemC as system level design language and postpones the partitioning decision to a lower abstraction level by using a realization independent functional model. Especially the partitioning of data flow dominant tasks between hardware and software is simplified with this approach. Additionally, by using a C-based design language for hardware and software design, system simulations at different abstraction levels are simplified. In combination with the concept of high level synthesis, this design flow reduces the effort after the partitioning and thus also significantly reduces the extra effort of a possible repartitioning between hardware and software. As proof of concept the receiver components of a VoIP engine have been implemented. The data flow dominant RTP protocol has been realized on an FPGA and the results of different hardware/software partitionings are presented.
Larger last level caches are being considered for bridging the performance gap between the processors and the memory subsystem. It requires much longer simulation time to exercise the whole cache and get accurate evaluation results. In this paper, we motivate the need for a trace-driven hardware/software co-simulation approach to solve this problem. We describe the components of the hardware/software co-simulation: (a) a hardware approach for FSB (Front Side Bus) cycle accurate long trace extraction and (b) a software simulation infrastructure to simulate arbitrary length of traces limited only by the storage system. We compare this hardware/software co-simulation approach to previous approaches (software-only and hardware FPGA-cache simulation) and articulate why our proposed approach is more flexible, more repeatable and sufficiently fast for last-level cache exploration. Evaluation results based on our hardware/software co-simulation infrastructure shows that our approach provides accurate results and shows the importance of timing information in accurate trace-driven simulations. We also demonstrate that it is not adequate to use short traces to get accurate results. Instead, the whole trace for the whole lifecycle of the workload, or at least a long trace (~ 5 minutes) should be used to capture the real behavior of the workloads.
Low-loss optical communication requires light sources at 1.5 $mu$ m wavelengths. Experiments showed, without much theoretical guidance, that InAs/GaAs quantum dots (QDs) may be tuned to such wavelengths by adjusting the In fraction in an  $hbox{In}--{x}hbox{Ga}--{1-x}hbox{As}$ strain-reducing capping layer. In this paper, systematic multimillion-atom electronic structure calculations explain, qualitatively and quantitatively, for the first time, available experimental data. The nanoelectronic modeling NEMO 3-D simulations treat strain in a 15-million-atom system and electronic structure in a subset of $sim$9 million atoms using the experimentally given nominal geometries, and without any further parameter adjustments, the simulations match the nonlinear behavior of experimental data very closely. With the match to experimental data and the availability of internal model quantities, significant insight can be gained through mapping to reduced-order models and their relative importance. We can also demonstrate that starting from simple models has, in the past, led to the wrong conclusions. The critical new insight presented here is that the QD changes its shape. The quantitative simulation agreement with experiment, without any material or geometry parameter adjustment in a general atomistic tool, leads us to believe that the era of nanotechnology computer-aided design is approaching. NEMO 3-D will be released on nanoHUB.org, where the community can duplicate and expand on the results presented here through interactive simulations.
Space-based information transmission is the tie between the acquisition and the application of space-based information, and satellite communications network is one of the development tendencies of satellite communication. Some conditions must be satisfied to establish timely communication links between two satellites to provide robust operation and connectivity. This paper addresses the issue of link connectivity analysis of satellite communications network, and discusses the main models for visibility and signal propagation to analyze link connectivity characteristics. The results can be used in satellite network communication system effectiveness evaluation and satellite communication system simulation.
This paper presents Swing, a closed-loop, network-responsive traffic generator that accurately captures the packet interactions of a range of applications using a simple structural model. Starting from observed traffic at a single point in the network, Swing automatically extracts distributions for user, application, and network behavior. It then generates live traffic corresponding to the underlying models in a network emulation environment running commodity network protocol stacks. We find that the generated traffic is statistically similar to the original traffic. Furthermore, to the best of our knowledge, we are the first to reproduce burstiness in traffic across a range of time-scales using a model applicable to a variety of network settings. An initial sensitivity analysis reveals the importance of our individual model parameters to accurately reproduce such burstiness. Finally, we explore Swing's ability to vary user characteristics, application properties, and wide-area network conditions to project traffic characteristics into alternate scenarios.
Due to the ‘Year 2007 problem’ (2007 is the beginning year when the baby-boomers reach the age of retirement), the need to plan for skill succession is now widely recognized in Japan. [1] [2] In addition, merge and acquisition (M&A) and overseas manufacturing are accelerating a necessity of enterprise knowledge management with “Common Language”. We are studying an intelligent information platform in the realm of production, named “SKIP” (Self Knowledge & Information Expansion). This paper shows overview of the “SKIP” and represents its semantic model-based repository as a fundamental part of production knowledge share. The issue on the enterprise information management for knowledge sharing can't be effectively addressed by single solution acting alone, but by combination of the possible technology and methodology. Consequently, SKIP is also our experimental station for intelligent manufacturing. Case study is on the implementation of SKIP and analysis of production reports in a metal press factory.
This paper describes the design and implementation of a learning method in the context of robotic architecture for the social interactive simulation. This method is based on TG algorithm, named ETG, but use incremental process during the episode of learning. So, it does not use secondary memory to storage examples before insert in relational regression engine. This make easier the agent to choose the action with a greater degree of accuracy. The performance of ETG has been tested into a robotic architecture that control a head robotic. Then, a set of empirical evaluations has been conducted in the social interactive simulator for performing the task of shared attention. The experimental results show that the proposed algorithm is able to produce appropriate learning capability for shared attention.
In this paper we discuss our pilot study where the NN emulation technique developed previously for computing model radiation parameterizations was applied to the part of the NCEP GFS model physics, GBPHYS, that is complementary to the radiation parameterization. The results of the study showed that not all outputs of GBPHYS are emulated uniformly well with the original approach. Significant differences between the radiation parameterizations and GBPHYS block and challenges for the NN emulation approach due to these differences are demonstrated and discussed. Several approaches that will allow us to deal with the challenges and that will be used to complement the NN emulation approach for dealing with entire model physics are also introduced.
Until very recently, microprocessor designs were computation-centric. On-chip communication was frequently ignored. This was because of fast, single-cycle on-chip communication. The interconnect power was also insignificant compared to the transistor power. With uniprocessor designs providing diminishing returns and the advent of chip multiprocessors (CMPs) in mainstream systems, the on-chip network that connects different processing cores has become a critical part of the design. Transistor miniaturization has led to high global wire delay, and interconnect power comparable to transistor power. CMP design proposals can no longer ignore the interaction between the memory hierarchy and the interconnection network that connects various elements. This necessitates a detailed and accurate interconnection network model within a full-system evaluation framework. Ignoring the interconnect details might lead to inaccurate results when simulating a CMP architecture. It also becomes important to analyze the impact of interconnection network optimization techniques on full system behavior. In this light, we developed a detailed cycle-accurate interconnection network model (GARNET), inside the GEMS full-system simulation framework. GARNET models a classic five-stage pipelined router with virtual channel (VC) flow control. Microarchitectural details, such as flit-level input buffers, routing logic, allocators and the crossbar switch, are modeled. GARNET, along with GEMS, provides a detailed and accurate memory system timing model. To demonstrate the importance and potential impact of GARNET, we evaluate a shared and private L2 CMP with a realistic state-of-the-art interconnection network against the original GEMS simple network. The objective of the evaluation was to figure out which configuration is better for a particular workload. We show that not modeling the interconnect in detail might lead to an incorrect outcome. We also evaluate Express Virtual Channels (EVCs), an on-ch-
We have introduced SimWattch, a complete system simulation environment that can be used to conduct performance and power-oriented microarchitecture explorations or revisit existing techniques from a more complete perspective taking into account operating system interactions. As a combination and extension of Simics and Wattch, SimWattch facilitates the analysis of a wider design space for computer architects and application, compiler and OS developers. In addition, it explores a new approach to cost-effective simulation tool design.
This paper presents a generalized transmission-line approach to determine the transfer function of a power-line network of a two-conductor system (two parallel conductors) with distributed branches. The channel frequency responses are derived considering different terminal loads and branches. The model's time-domain behavior is validated using commercial power system simulation software called Alternative Transients Program-Electromagnetic Transients Program (ATP-EMTP). The simulation results from the model for three different topologies considered have excellent agreement with corresponding ATP-EMTP results. Hence, the model can be considered as a tool to characterize any given power-line channel topology that involves the two-conductor system. In the companion paper (Part II), the proposed method is extended for a multiconductor power-line system.
This paper presents a procedure to validate voltage sag results based on a short-term monitoring program and stochastic assessment of voltage sag characteristics. The main practical use of this methodology is to analyze the accuracy of sag characteristics obtained from short monitoring periods. With a Monte Carlo Simulation approach, probabilistic models of several factors are taken into account: lines and busbars fault rate, prefault voltage, fault-type distribution, fault-location uncertainty, and fault resistance distribution. Confidence intervals based on the percentile method and hypothesis tests are the statistical tools selected to perform the validation of voltage sags magnitude and frequency. A case study based on the evaluation of a six-month monitoring period shows the applicability of the proposed methodology.
This paper presents an overview on available tools and methods for the simulation of electromagnetic transients in power systems. Both off-line and real-time simulation tools are presented and discussed. The first objective is to give the reader an overview on the modeling and simulation capabilities in currently available state-of-the-art tools. The second objective is to provide perspectives on research topics and needed enhancements.
This paper presents a methodology to evaluate the contribution of wind farms (WFs) to the short-circuit level of high-voltage substations. The method relies on simplified equivalent WF models suitable for integration in commercial network-analysis software platforms. The developed WF models are especially suitable for integration in PSS/E and they can be incorporated in models of large power systems. The methodology can be applied to all kinds of WFs regardless of the type of the wind turbines used. Finally, the proposed models are verified through detailed simulations and a case study concerning short-circuit level calculation at all 150-kV and 400-kV buses of the Greek power system is presented. The relevant results are presented and general conclusions are extracted.
This paper presents a practical design method for the critical-conduction mode power factor correction (CRM PFC) converter by using an interactive mathematical computation and documentation software, the MathCAD. Many design factors affect the performance of a switching converter from the point view of efficiency optimization or dynamic response. The design of a CRM PFC converter is an involved process and there is a need for practical design engineers to follow an interactive and intuitive design procedure. This paper presents a suggested design procedure for line current total harmonic distortion (THD) reduction and loss analysis of the CRM PFC converter in considerations of practical design limitations. An illustrated design procedure is presented with given design example by using the MathCAD. Computer simulations have been carried out by using power electronic system simulation software, the PSIM, to verify the design results.
This paper presents the study of the UWB (Ultra Wideband) transmission characteristics over household powerline in a very high frequency band, from 50 MHz to 550 MHz. The characteristics of indoor powerline channels are examined for its use in UWB Communication in both measurements and software simulations. Firstly, broadband channel characteristics are measured in both frequency and time domain, followed by system level simulation of BER performance versus 0 / b E N . This paper presents a concept of utilising the MB-OFDM UWB model for broadband powerline communication. Results indicate that high data rate transmission is possible, by exploiting the powerline channel for UWB signal transmission in 50 – 500 MHz.
This paper presents the real-time digital simulation of a grid-connected wind turbine generator system (WTGS) based on a doubly-fed induction generator (DFIG). A 1.5-MW WTGS is the basis for model development. First a detailed electromagnetic transient model for the WTGS is developed in the MATLAB/SIMULINK environment. This model includes the complete aerodynamic, mechanical and electrical components of the wind turbine, the back-to-back voltage source converter (VSC)-based power electronic interface, as well as the mechanical and electrical controllers of the WTGS. The overall grid-connected WTGS model was then order-reduced and implemented on a PC-cluster-based real-time digital simulator. The maximum execution time of the DFIG model and control was 5.53 $mu{rm s}$, while that of the grid-connected WTGS was 15.375  $mu{rm s}$. Real-time oscilloscope results are presented to illustrate the WTGS controller performance, the variable wind speed dynamics, and interaction of the WTGS with grid faults. The real-time WTGS model can be readily used for hardware-in-the-loop testing.
This paper describes a method of developing wide-band multi-port system equivalents for use with real-time digital power system simulators. The proposed equivalent combines a frequency dependent network equivalent (FDNE) for the high frequency electromagnetic transients and a transient stability analysis (TSA) type simulation block for the electromechanical transients. The frequency dependent characteristic for FDNE is obtained by curve-fitting frequency domain admittance characteristics using the vector fitting method. The paper also introduces an approach for approximating the frequency dependent characteristic of large power networks from readily available typical power-flow data. The paper shows how the TSA algorithm can be adapted to a real-time platform. The validity of this method is confirmed with examples, including the study of a multi in-feed HVDC system based network.
This paper presents a validation of the methodology based upon backside laser irradiations to characterize the sensitivity of power devices towards Single-Event Burnout. This is done thanks to high-energy heavy ion testing and device simulations.
This paper presents feasibility studies for the implementation of a multi-standard, multimode RF front-end enabling utilization of Location Based Services (LBS) in a mobile handset using A-GPS system with GSM and UMTS support. A short description of the proposed system architecture is presented. The setup is proven based on the system simulations using Matlab. The influence of gain compression, wideband noise and reciprocal mixing on the system performance due to a full-duplex interferer is described. The analysis is extended for intermodulation test cases in a mobile environment. Feasibility analysis is confirmed with measurements of a GPS/Galileo/UMTS/CDMA2000/GSM reconfigurable front-end implemented in 130nm CMOS technology.
This paper proposes the analysis and modelling of an ozone generator using a phase-shift pulse width modulation (PWM) full bridge inverter as a power supply. The circuit operation is fully described. The high frequency transformer and ozone generator mathematical models are also included for preliminarily calculating of instantaneous voltages and currents. The proposed system simulation using the MATLAB/SIMULINK software package is given. In order to ensure that zero voltage switch (ZVS) is always operated over a certain range of a frequency variation, a series-compensated resonant inductor is included. The advantage of the proposed system is a capability of varying ozone gas production quantity by varying the frequency of the converter whilst the applied voltage to the electrodes is kept constant. The correctness of the proposed technique is verified by both simulation and experimental results.
This paper presents the virtual environment implementation for project simulation and conception of supervision and control systems for mobile robots, that are capable to operate and adapting in different environments and conditions. This virtual system has as purpose to facilitate the development of embedded architecture systems, emphasizing the implementation of tools that allow the simulation of the kinematic conditions, dynamic and control, with real time monitoring of all important system points. For this, an open control architecture is proposal, integrating the two main techniques of robotic control implementation in the hardware level: systems microprocessors and reconfigurable hardware devices. The implemented simulator system is composed of a trajectory generating module, a kinematic and dynamic simulator module and of a analysis module of results and errors. All the kinematic and dynamic results shown during the simulation can be evaluated and visualized in graphs and tables formats, in the results analysis module, allowing an improvement in the system, minimizing the errors with the necessary adjustments optimization. For controller implementation in the embedded system, it uses the rapid prototyping, that is the technology that allows, in set with the virtual simulation environment, the development of a controller project for mobile robots. The validation and tests had been accomplish with nonholonomics mobile robots models with differential transmission.
This letter proposes an entropy-gradient adaptive feedback filter specially derived for the blind decision feedback equalizer with a self-optimized configuration. Using software simulations, the parametric nonlinearity of the feedback filter is aligned through two operation modes-blind acquisition and soft transition-to respond with a maximum entropy signal. As a result, a simple stochastic gradient algorithm is obtained, and it can be easily optimized for an applied signal constellation.
In this paper, the performance of Genetic Algorithm (GA) and the key genetic operators are evaluated to identify the most suitable combination to be adopted for automating the design of analog circuits. The GA based design approach to select component values of an analog circuit to meet the desired specifications, is discussed and successfully demonstrated using a prototypical tool. A user friendly console provides an interactive simulation environment and Berkeley SPICE is the tool used for simulating analog circuits. Design of internals of the Complementary MOSFET (CMOS) Operational Amplifier for a specified bandwidth and design of a circuit using Bipolar Junction Transistor (BJT) Operational Amplifier for a specified closed loop gain are presented as applications. The methods used are generic and can be applied to all analog circuits.
A software simulation tool was developed at Idaho National Laboratory to estimate the fragility of electric substation components subject to an explosive blast. Damage caused by explosively driven fragments on a generic electric substation was estimated by using a ray-tracing technique to track and tabulate fragment impacts and penetrations of substation components. This technique is based on methods used for assessing vulnerability of military aircraft and ground vehicles to explosive blasts. An open-source rendering and ray-trace engine was used for geometric modeling and interactions between fragments and substation components. Semi-empirical material interactions models were used to calculate blast parameters and simulate high-velocity material interactions between explosively driven fragments and substation components. Finally, a Monte Carlo simulation was added to model the random nature of fragment generation allowing a skilled analyst to predict failure probabilities of substation components.
The Tactical Edge Network Emulation Tool (TENET) Hardware Integration System (THIS) is designed to characterize higher layer responses to the dynamic physical layer topology of a tactical network utilizing directional communication links. THIS emulates the mobile, tactical, network environment using the hardware in a static infrastructure. MATLAB-based tools implement the TENET emulation to simulate mobility induced link fragility, and the Distributed Adaptive Pre-computed Restoration (DAPR) algorithm to conduct dynamic network topology optimization. A fast, reconfigurable, full-mesh network of six nodes represents the resulting physical layer topology on a laboratory optical bench. A collection of LabVIEW programs, collectively named the Tactical Hardware Automation Tool (THAT), coordinates with TENET output and a Microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) based optical switch to dynamically conform the links between the six fixed nodes to the simulated network topology. Standard real-world programs are run at higher network layer protocols and respond to the dynamic physical layer accordingly. Thus, experiments utilizing this test bed can characterize network performance of the emulated mobile tactical network. This paper outlines the test bed in full, but will also briefly describe the network emulation methodology, as well as the initial results of some physical layer restoration performance to act as a baseline for future net-centric application testing.
This paper exposes a methodological approach that intends to lead later to an interactive braking system simulation model. Our Component Based Modeling (CBM) method begins by the product definition and the analysis of significant moments to determine the actions of the driver and the interactions produced between the components of the braking system, the driver and the environment. All our approach is based on the concept of product lifecycle. Development, qualification and updating of the automotive braking system model are going to be done thanks to instrumentation with sensors and micro-sensors. These elements have the advantage of being easily integrable and non intrusive.
The performance of a multiple-input–multiple-output (MIMO) code-division multiple-access (CDMA) system, using space–time spreading (STS), is analyzed over a frequency-flat Nakagami- $m$ fading channel. The convolutionally space–time coded system employs a decorrelator detector with $N = 2$ and $L$  antennas at the user side and base station (BS), respectively. Assuming independent Nakagami fading channels between transmit and receive antennas, we determine the probability density function (pdf) of the signal-to-interference-plus-noise ratio (SINR) at the output of the multiuser detector and after signal combining. Considering binary phase-shift keying (BPSK) transmission, we then evaluate the pairwise error probability and the corresponding bit-error-rate (BER) upper bounds over fast-fading channels. The derived error bounds, when compared to system simulations, are shown to be accurate at all signal-to-noise ratios (SNRs) of interest. Examining the asymptotic performance of the underlying space–time multiuser system, at high SNRs, we evaluate the overall diversity gain as a function of the number of transmit and receive antennas and the minimum free distance of the convolutional code.
The early-warning satellite optimal scheduling is an effective way to improve its combat capability and performances. This paper analyzed first the early-warning satellite combat-flow and established a Petri Net model. Based on its particular combat pattern, this paper designed a simulation system of the early-warning satellite scheduling; described its architecture, function and data stream; discussed its key technologies and implementation. The simulation system was realized by the comprehensive application of MATLAB and STK.
Load balancing techniques have been widely used in many existing distributed system and simulation frameworks. With the rapid development of virtual simulation technologies, many researchers have been investigating on how to apply virtual simulations to the distributed environment, especially when the virtual simulations need to be expanded to large-scale. In this paper, we propose an adaptive load-balancing algorithm in a P2P based distributed virtual simulation environment. Our algorithm focuses on an efficient run-time load-balancing to adapt to the variation of users requests in the system. Compared to traditional load-balancing algorithms in virtual simulation, our approach takes a full consideration of heterogeneity of a large-scale service oriented distributed system.
Virtual simulation has been playing an important role in many areas including gaming, training, e-learning, and etc. At the mean time, real-time emergency response system is attracting more and more attention due to its significance to reduce the casualties and properties lost when disasters come. Indeed, a highly responsive and effective real-time response system depends on a well designed architecture, in particular, a distributed virtual simulation environment which not only can train the emergency response personnel, but also can be used as a core real-time strategy and response system. In this paper, we propose an integrative and adaptive distributed real-time simulation environment which aims at providing a more efficient and flexible virtual environment to meet the requirement of today's high-end emergency response class of applications. Our proposed system is based in service oriented design and most advanced P2P network technique. The goal of our system is to build a robust software framework to make the real-time emergency response system more flexible and more scalable.
In this paper, we propose a framework to develop high-performance system accelerator at system-level. This framework is designed by integrating a virtual machine, an electronic system level platform, and an enhanced QEMU-SystemC. The enhancement includes a local master interface for fast memory transfer, and an interrupt handling hardware for software/hardware communication support that enables full system simulation. We have also developed a network virtual interface for our system to co-work with the real world network environment. Finally, the MD5 algorithm offload and the network offload engine are used as examples to demonstrate the proposed framework system for full system simulation.
This paper presents a performance comparison of impulse radio ultra wideband (IR-UWB) and multi-band orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (MB-OFDM) for multi-user wireless communication systems. Focusing on the analysis of system performance affected by multi-user interference (MUI) over general additive white Gaussion noise (AWGN) channel, we run a complete system simulation for direct sequence pulse amplitude modulation (DS-PAM), time hopping pulse position modulation(TH-PPM) and MB-OFDM UWB systems. Simulation results show that DS-PAM performs much better than TH-PPM and multi carrier OFDM (MC-OFDM).
In this paper, we introduce a new transmit architecture that employs a 2-Dimensional Fourier Transform and a 2-Dimensional Cyclic Prefix (2D-CP) at the base station. In addition, the proposed scheme incorporates relay nodes that forward the received signals with one OFDM symbol delay. The new method introduces artificial frequency, time and spatial diversity, and unlike previously proposed relaying communication systems, the proposed scheme requires only a single transmission phase. Extensive system simulation studies have shown impressive system throughput gain compared to a single hop and conventional 2-hop systems.
Under integration of renewable energy resources many still understand only proof procedures to connect new power plant to public grid. The existing management systems aim to observe electrical and thermal grid condition. In defined situations renewable power plants will be turned off. Another huge problem is the natural fluctuation of direct renewable energy converter such as photovoltaic and wind turbine. This paper shows a realistic future scenario how the whole potential of decentralized renewable energy resources can be exploited. The developed Decentralised Energy Management System comprises eight functional components: prognoses (wind, load), disposition, nodal load prediction, schedule planning, power system simulation, evaluation of simulation, model of decentralised power plants (dpp) and online controller, see fig. 4. Introductions on offline planning and online system are given.
In order to enhance the efficiency of software simulation system and shorten the running periods of system, the technique of Sybase Open Client Component is introduced here and a read-write method for matrix data is proposed, Write-Multi-Image method is given finally through experiments and analysis. Sybase Open Client interface technique was introduced firstly, and then the access-control structure of Sybase database, the formats of data described which was adopted in simulation was expatiated in sequence, finally the method of matrix data for reading and writing was researched and the writing method for matrix data was experimented and analyzed.
Software accounts for more than 80%of embedded system development efforts, so software performance estimation is a very important issue in system design. Recently, source level simulation (SLS) has become a state-of-the-art approach for software simulation in system level design. However, the simulation accuracy relies on the mapping between source code and binary code, which can be destroyed by compiler optimizations. This drawback strongly limits the usability of this technique in practical system design. We introduce an approach to overcome this limitation by converting source code to a low level representation, called intermediate source code (ISC). ISC has accounted for most compiler optimizations and has a structure close to binary code, so it allows for accurate back-annotation of timing information from the binary level. To show the benefits of our approach, we present a quantitative comparison of the related techniques with the proposed one, using a set of benchmarks.
Aimed at the difficulties of the substation automation system test, the paper proposes to build a kind of real time simulator designed by the idea of automation equipments functional modularization and introduces its element, structure, function. Used the industrial MCU embedded Windows2000, the device could realize the functions such as mass data test, network delaminating test, device capability test, protect event simulation, protocol test and packet parse etc. The engineering application shows that the device could exactly finish system simulation and device real-time closed loop test and provide an effective way for the substation automation system test.
This paper proposes the high-voltage high-frequency power supply for an ozone generator using a phase-shifted pulse width modulation (PWM) full bridge inverter. The circuit operation is fully described. The high-frequency transformer and ozone generator mathematical models are also included for preliminarily calculating of instantaneous voltages and currents. The proposed system simulation using the MATLAB /SIMULINK software package is given. In order to ensure that zero voltage switching (ZVS) mode always operates over a certain range of a frequency variation, a series-compensated resonant inductor is included. The advantage of the proposed system is a capability of varying ozone gas production quantity by varying the frequency and phase shift angle of the converter whilst the applied voltage to the electrodes is kept constant. The correctness of the proposed technique is verified by both simulation and experimental results.
The memory wall problem makes researches on memory hierarchy more and more important. And in these researches, software simulation plays a significant role. To model the real runtime environment, full-system simulators have been widely used. However, researchers are often perplexed by the precise problem when they run a parallel program on a full-system multi-core simulator, especially in multiple configurations. Because the influence arising from operating system and the relative execution speed of parallel threads often make the performance of target programs uncertain. To solve the precise problem, this paper proposes a Single-Execution Multi-Configuration Simulation framework (SEMCS). Then we design and implement a Simics module, called Trans-multicast using the SEMCS framework. Finally, we test a benchmark from SPEComp2001 on a four-core processor in three memory hierarchy configurations. And the result has verified the effectiveness of the SEMCS framework.
Unlike the fixed networks, the scenarios and field conditions for tactical networks are dynamic and hard to predict or model. This is because of the complexities and uncertainties involved in forecasting the node distribution, communications demand pattern, theater terrain characteristics, mobility of the platforms, radios and frequencies available, availability of relay and gateway nodes, presence of jammers and their characteristics, among other factors. As more and more warfighting functions rely on netcentric communications capabilities, it is important to rigorously analyze the expected performance of communications networks. In this paper we describe a methodology for tactical scenario development and physical layer connectivity analysis using a modeling and simulation tool named TENET (Tactical Edge Network Emulation Tool). This modeling and simulation methodology quantifies network connectivity among other physical layer network characteristics, as a function of time. This tool has been used for various service specific network studies, as well as for joint networks and has provided significant insights for developing more robust architectures, evaluating topology control algorithms, acquisition decisions, and for setting future technology direction. Previously published results of this tool were limited to static, homogenous networks while current results include true physics based mobility and heterogeneous network architectures.
The mobile user objective system (MUOS) uses WCDMA as a basis for its waveform definition. This paper deals with the quasi-analytic method of WCDMA physical layer simulation that has been used extensively for performance simulation, model development for system simulation and development of signal processing algorithms on the MUOS project. Quasi-analytic method offers speedup factors, relative to conventional waveform simulation, of 100x or more. It is shown here that quasi-analytic can also be very accurate.
Suicide bombing has become one of the most lethal and favorite modus-operandi of terrorist organizations around the world. While various attempts have been made to assess the impact of crowd density on suicide bomber effectiveness, the specifics of the actual crowd formation and orientation of the bomber with respect to the crowd has not been examined. A virtual simulation tool has been developed which is capable of assessing the impact of crowd formation patterns on the magnitude of injury and number of casualties during a suicide bombing attack. The tool examines variables such as the number and arrangement of people within a crowd for typical layouts, the number of suicide bombers, and the nature of the explosion including equivalent weight of TNT and the duration of the resulting blast wave pulse. The goals of the analysis are to determine optimal crowd formations to reduce the deaths and/or injuries of individuals in the crowd, to determine what architectural and geometric changes can reduce the number of casualties and injuries, and what is the correlation between variant crowd densities and formations with the weight and pulse duration of the explosives? Results indicated that the worst crowd formation is street (e.g. Zig-Zag) where 44%crowd can be dead and 71%can be injured (there is an overlap of injury and lethality), given typical explosive carrying capacity of a single suicide bomber. Bus and market crowd formations were found to be the best for reducing the effectiveness of an attack, with 24%and 26%crowd in lethal zone respectively and 58%and 54%in injury zones. Simulation results were compared and validated by the real-life incidents and found to be in good agreement. Line-of-sight with the attacker, rushing towards the exit, and stampede were found to be the most lethal choices both during the attack and post-explosion. These findings, although preliminary, may have implications for emergency response and counter terrorism. The paper also discu-
In this paper, we propose an analytical approach to predict the performance of web service composition built on BPEL. The approach first translates web service composition specification into Stochastic Petri Nets. From the SPN model and its corresponding continuous-time Markov chain, we derive the analytical performance estimates of process-completion-time. In the case study, we also use computer simulation techniques to validate our analytical model. The paper concludes with a comparison with related work.
By analyzing the characteristic and the application of distributed interactive simulation (DIS) and high level architecture (HLA) and researching the management of federation object model and data distribution in DIS, A new method is presented to develop Petrochemical industry distributed interactive simulation adopting HLA technology. A simple petrochemical industry is modeled with HLA, the FOM and SOM are developed. The results of the instance research show that HLA plays an important role in developing distributed interactive simulation of complicated distributed system and the method is valid to solve the problem puzzling petrochemical industry.
In this paper we propose a method for solving complex higher order ordinary differential equations (ODE) based on an emulation of the analog computing paradigm on digital hardware platforms. In this case, we mimic real analog system elements by digital discretized models. Due to the flexibility and reconfigurability of FPGA and also the possibility of system behavioral modeling through hardware description languages (HDL), we are able to create all fundamental elements that are necessary to both simulating complex systems and the modeling of any ordinary differential equations (ODE) or a system simulation based on ODEs. We therefore propose a novel methodology of solving systems and higher order ODEs. This technique is similar to the analog computing but with the key difference that we possess more flexibility and are able to control at will the precision level wanted/needed. Further features are values scaling of both the results and internal variables.
The computer simulation technique has been widely applied to the mine disaster control field. In this paper, we discuss the use of dense borehole pre-drainage technology as a preventive measure for coal and gas outburst. In order to enhance the pre-drainage efficiency and rationally arrange the borehole, the solid-gas coupled RFPA2D-Gas software is used to study the variation regularity in gas pressure and drainage radius under different conditions. These include the coal seam permeability coefficient, the space between boreholes, the borehole diameter, the gas content coefficient and the pre-drainage time. In conclusion, if a large permeability coefficient, a large borehole diameter, a small space between boreholes and a small content coefficient are used in the coal seam, then the reduction in gas pressure and drainage radius will be large. In this case, the shortest pre-drainage time is required in order to avoid the outburst danger in the coal seam. If the pre-drainage time is extended, both gas pressure reduction and drainage radius increase.
This paper presents an intelligent control scheme that uses an adaptive cerebellar model articulation controller (CMAC) in aircraft automatic landing system. The proposed intelligent controller can act as an experienced pilot and guide the aircraft to a safe landing in severe turbulence environment. Current flight control law is adopted in the intelligent design. Lyapunov theory is applied to obtain adaptive learning rule and stability analysis is also provided. Performance on tracking desired path and environment adaptive capability are demonstrated through software simulations.
This paper describes a comparison of stability of two large-capacity flywheel energy storage systems (FESSs) supported by active magnetic bearings. We designed and manufactured two systems that can store up to 5kWh of usable energy at the maximum speed of 18,000 rpm. One of them is optimized to store as much energy per weight as possible, resulting in a flywheel with a strong gyroscopic coupling. The other design has a much smaller gyroscopic coupling for the ease of control. In order to analyze the stability of the systems accurately, we derived dynamic models of the flywheel rotor using finite-element method, and reduced-order models using modal truncation. The rotor model is combined with those of active magnetic bearings, amplifiers, and position sensors, resulting in a system simulation model. This simulation model is validated using experimental measurements. The stability of the system is checked from the pole locations of the closed-loop transfer functions. We also investigated the sensitivity function to quantify the robustness of the systems to the disturbances such as mass unbalance and sensor noises.
In this article we simulate a complex economic system based on network economics, game theory and computer simulation technology. We develop a method to find approximate solution of Nash Equilibrium in the simulated economic system by tracing points of the optimal curve and thus estimate enterprise’s income in the neighborhood of Nash Equilibrium.
Tail-biting convolutional codes has been used in Physical broadcast channel and Physical downlink control channel of LTE, this paper introduces the architecture of the convolutional encoder and Physical broadcast channel used in LTE, elaborating two common Viterbi algorithm, then a new CVA-based improved scheme is proposed, and in Physical broadcast channel system simulation is carried out. The conclusions indicate that the tail-biting convolutional codes can meet the requirements of LTE channel. Furthermore, the result proved that the Double Traceback Viterbi algorithm process improves the error performance.
The CANoe is adopted to finish the VRV-CAN network simulation system design so as to solve the problem of too many communication nodes, complex communication content within the system. The simulation procedure and means in CANoe are described with emphasis on the discussion of network architecture, communication protocol and network load ratio. The simulation results are presented. Through the system simulation, the communication protocol and design scheme are verified and the development speed is increasingly improved.
In order to resolve the general adaptive problem of the dynamic grid-based algorithm in distributed interactive simulation based on HLA, the adaptive dynamic grid-based algorithm is suggested out through thoroughly researching the theory proof and formula deduction of the dynamic grid-based algorithm in this paper. The availability of dynamic grid-based algorithm is studied under three special situations by theory proving and formula deducing dwell on, and the results of instance imply that the dynamic grid-based algorithm is availability under three special situations by changing the implement process of the dynamic grid-based algorithm. The conclusions show that the adaptive dynamic grid-based algorithm is self-adaptive, can reach the goal of the data distributed management and hugely improves the effect and efficiency of the high complexity simulation system based on HLA.
In this study, a commercially available unit commitment and economic dispatch (UC-ED) tool is extended for the simulation of wind power integration in an international environment. An existing generation unit database for the Netherlands is extended to include conventional generation portfolios of neighbouring areas to the Netherlands. Furthermore, wind power in Germany is modelled such that the spatial correlation between wind speeds at different locations in the Netherlands and Germany is maintained. These additions allow the assessment of the benefits of international exchange for wind power integration and a comparison with other integration solutions. The UC-ED tool is applied for annual simulations of a power system with generation portfolios foreseen for the year 2014. Four variants for international exchange possibilities are investigated for different wind power penetrations. The opportunities of the following integration solutions are assessed: use of conventional generation in isolated systems, use of international markets, flexible combined heat and power (CHP), pumped hydro energy storage, compressed air energy storage and interconnection to a hydro-based system. The solutions are placed in an order of potential with respect to technical, economical and environmental aspects. The results show that the advantages of international exchange for wind power integration are large and provide an alternative for the development of energy storage facilities.
This paper presents control of doubly fed induction generator for variable speed wind power generation. The control scheme uses stator flux-oriented control for the rotor side converter and grid voltage vector control for the grid side converter. A complete simulation model is developed for the control of the active and reactive powers of the doubly fed generator under variable speed operation. Several studies are performed to test its operation under different wind conditions. A laboratory test setup consisting of a wound rotor induction generator by a variable speed dc motor is used to validate the software simulations.
Reconfigurable control of automation production line by integrating IEC61499 function block based low level physical machines with planning and schedule multi agent manufacturing platform is studied. Based on respective investigation of reconfigurable control philosophy of these two levels, integration strategies are concluded as transplanting function block based machines control into upper intelligent manufacturing platform. Requirements for the integration are intelligence attachment to function block Based lower level control, coordination between intelligence with real time control, and unified engineering development environment. To satisfy this requirement, four layer intelligent integration architecture of reconfigurable control for physical machines is proposed, that is low level function block production network tie, device real time communication tie, device production data tie and device intelligent coordination tie. Unified reconfigurable control execution is explained based on integrating this layer structure with upper intelligent multi agent environment.
Carangiform biomimetic robotic fish are underactuated mechanical systems whose governing equations are highly nonlinear. Based on the quasi-steady flow model of a three-link biomimetic robotic fish of Caltech, we have the model form of a control-affine nonlinear system with drift. Then we make use of geometric tools to research control methods of forward gaits and turning gaits. Through analyzing system simulation response, we can see that carangiform biomimetic robotic fish accomplish forward and turning gaits preferably. Simulations results are shown that nonlinear control methods are effective to improve forward propel speed and turning performance, which have laid foundations for future researches.
Electro-optical tracking devices in the television or infrared automatic tracking system, miss distance lag system overshoot increased, lengthened the transitional period, affecting the stability control system and reduce the tracking precision.Feedforward control technology is to improve the tracking accuracy and to maintain the stability of the system an effective way. The speed of introduction of the forecast information as feedforward control signals constitute the equivalent composite control can be approximated to achieve feedforward control technology. The filter for the synthesis of the target location information with lag, interference is the key problem of compound control technology. In order to obtain the high-precision forecasting velocity of moving target, Kalman filter with the measurement lag is designed. Forecasting velocity of moving target can obtain by forecasting the synthesis target position with measurement lag. The actual Electro-optical tracking equivalent compound control system simulation and experimental results show that the velocity of moving target can be forecasted by using the methods and tracking precision can be improved in servo-control system.
A Collaborative Design Frame based on Virtual Prototype and virtual Manufacturing (CDFVPM) is explored. In CDFVPM, the Virtual Product Prototype (VPP) used as a product shared information database, and to view the product during design process before creation of any physical prototype, to detect the product's performance by simulating the product's working process and interactive using process. The engineers related to developing products do collaborative jobs by working on the virtual product prototypes. The Synthetic Evaluation System (SES) is used to evaluate the product's quality and performance at every phase during product development process. Virtual Manufacturing System (VMS) is used as a visual interactive simulation environment so that the engineers or customers are immersed in this environment and designed products are apperceived or controlled. By supporting of VPP/SES/VMS, the product development cycle will be shortened considerably; the product quality and performance will also be ensured effectively. Application examples are given.
HW/SW co-emulation technique combing software simulation with hardware acceleration is one of the popular techniques for SOC verification, where interrupt-based communication mechanism is usually utilized. However, communication overhead will be resulted from data exchange between hardware side and software side at every cycle. A stream-mode based HW/SW co-emulation technique is proposed and presented in the paper. In the proposed technique, software side executes, sends stimulus data and receives response data continuously while hardware side is testing SUT and generating response data in parallel. Experiment result demonstrates that, compared to interrupt-based communication mode, stream-based communication mechanism can improve communication throughput by more than 10 times.
Efficient and reliable verification system is requested for a System-on-a-chip (SOC) design before it is committed to production. The intention of the paper is to judge whether our hardware/software (HW/SW) co-verification system can handle SOC verification and provide the necessary performance in terms of co-verification speed and throughput. A Finite Impulse Response (FIR) filter is utilized as a Device-under-Test (DUT) to compare pure software simulation, ModelSim simulator in this case, and HW/SW co-verification approaches to decide on whether the HW/SW co-verification system can work or not. Experiment result demonstrates the more complicated SOC is, the greater the potential speedup of the co-verification approach over software simulation is. However, the communication between software and hardware in HW/SW co-verification system is a major bottleneck, which may offset the acceleration achieved by moving large computation from software side to hardware side.
This study investigates the instability phenomena of an active power factor corrector (PFC) circuit based on a buck-boost converter. First, the circuit is analyzed, and the state space mathematical model of the converter is derived. Second, MATLAB/SIMULINK and IsSpice are used to construct and simulate the voltage-mode control model of the buck-boost power factor corrector. The intermediate-scale instability phenomena of inductance current waveforms, control voltage, output voltage waveforms and phase-plane portraits are observed by varying the load resistance. These waveforms exhibit intermediate-scale instability phenomena in specific circuit parameters. Furthermore, the two software simulation results are compared, confirming the validity of this mathematical model.
The complex systems and complexity is the kernel scientific problem of the 21st century. In this paper, the complex system simulation methods and its application are discussed. The computational agent-based model and simulation methodology for complex systems is approved in the paper. First, the related works and some application fields are introduced. Second, several modeling methods are discussed. Third, several case study are introduced. Then, the formal specification based-computational agent for complex systems is proposed. Finally, the modeling and simulation framework is proposed and a simulation platform based on the agent’s is introduced.
Supply chain management will be a major component of the industrial competitive strategy along with enterprise integration and global optimization to enhance organizational productivity and profitability. Students of manufacturing and industrial computing need to equip themselves with an understanding and experience of industrial practice in the industry particularly its supply chain activities. Supply chain activities involved five modules particularly are procurement or supplier, design and engineering, production or manufacturing, logistics or warehousing and product order or customer. This paper propose an implementation of virtual production or manufacturing module in a virtual factory for the real industry emphasizing the risk, thorough inspection and controlling the processes of machines to ensure that the manufacturing is integrated with success. The virtual factory will use small to medium size manufacturing enterprises (SMEs) as the production model. This paper focus on the architecture of the interactive simulator and the methodologies for developing a web-based learning system. Major benefits of the proposed work are discussed.
This paper describes the specification and conceptual design of an open platform for evaluating, planning and analysing the integration of distributed energy resources into the distributed power system. The development and integration of the open platform modules and tools will be presented: the GIS network planning and the power system simulation, which provide the input for the decision support system.
The existing software for the simulation of power system operation uses mostly simple load models such as the constant power load model, the constant impedance load model or the static polynomial load model to represent the real system load characteristic. In some cases using such load models in power system dynamic simulation may produce inaccurate results and lead to inappropriate system operation. In this paper load modeling using field measurement data from a load bus in the power grid to improve the simulation accuracy in the study of power system stability is discussed. The goal is to investigate the influence of different perturbations in the power grid on load behaviors as preparation for field measurement. Furthermore, there is a focus on the definition of measurement requirements. In addition, the nonlinear least-squares algorithm used to identify load model is discussed. As preparation, a complex nonlinear load model with predetermined parameters will be simulated in some defined scenarios, the simulation results are compared with a constant power load model. By using the transformer tap changer to make perturbations in the power system, the load dynamic characteristics could be gathered, and the perturbations data could be used to identify the parameters of the non-linear load model.
For power system simulation, the contradiction between the computational efficiency and the system scale as well as the detailed modeling comes into being. The electromagnetic/electromechanical hybrid simulation technology has been thereupon proposed. In this paper, a novel real-time hybrid simulator, which is based on two personal computers (PCs) and an analog communication device for data exchange between two PCs, is designed and built, and the key techniques are studied. For the unsolved essential difficulties in hybrid simulation technology, this paper initially studies the forecasting and correction method. The case studies not only indicate that the hybrid simulator is a success, but also testify to the practicability and necessity of the forecasting and correction method. All the achievements have paved the way for the forthcoming studies on the original hybrid simulator based on digital computers and real-time digital simulator (RTDS).
This paper presents an XML-based open data model for exchanging power system simulation data. The need for an open model born due to both the limitations of the IEEE common data format and the huge number of proprietary formats that make difficult exchanging system data in the power system community. The philosophy, the structure and the features of the proposed open data model are discussed in detail. The proposed open data model is illustrated by means of a small-size benchmark network.
This paper describes the optimal power flow (OPF) architecture implemented in MATPOWER, an open-source Mat-lab power system simulation package. It utilizes an extensible architecture that allows the user to easily add new variables, constraints and costs to the standard OPF problem formulation while preserving the structure needed to use pre-compiled solvers. A software object is used to encapsulate the definition of the problem formulation, manage the corresponding named sets of variables, constraints and costs, and handle all of the tedious index maintenance tasks. The software design has the advantage of minimizing the coupling between variables, constraints and costs, making it possible, for example, to add variables to an existing model without having to explicitly modify existing constraints or costs to accommodate them. The example of adding joint co-optimization of reserves to the OPF, based on fixed zonal reserve requirements, is used to illustrate the capabilities of MATPOWER's extensible OPF architecture.
This paper presents the development of a FACTS interaction laboratory (FIL) to interface a real-time power system simulator with multiple FACTS/UPFC devices via hardware-in-loop (HIL) to study their dynamic responses and test control approaches. The HIL line includes a synchronous machine, a UPFC device and a load device to simulate the dynamics of the UPFC sub-network. The practical feasibility of the proposed HIL scheme has been demonstrated by implementation on a PC-DSP-based UPFC platform. A detailed design of the HIL distributed control system including synchronous machine, UPFC and load is presented.
The conventional dynamic phasor models of HVDC systems based on Damping Trapezoidal Integration technique are liable to numerical oscillations occurred when the network architecture changes. In order to solve this problem, this paper firstly conducts theoretical analysis on the causes of numerical oscillations resulted from the use of the conventional dynamic phasor models of HVDC systems. Secondly, an advanced dynamic phasor technique using modified Critical Damping Adjustment to eliminate the oscillations is presented. Then a HVDC model based on the advanced dynamic phasor measurement is established. Simulation results show that this model is able to not only effectively eliminate numerical oscillations, but also correctly represent the dynamic characteristics of the HVDC systems.
Transmission and Operation Planners are routinely expected to perform dynamic analysis utilizing load flow and corresponding dynamic models to determine either required transmission system reinforcements and/or power system operational limits. Because the results of these analyses can result in major capital project decisions or near real time operational limits, accuracy is paramount. Therefore, it is critical that the generator excitation and turbine/governor/load control dynamic models utilized in these analyses accurately reflects the expected performance of the actual in service equipment. The North America Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC) has addressed verification of generator dynamic models in its now retired Planning Standards, and NERC is currently drafting Reliability Standards containing mandatory and enforceable Requirements for verification of these generator dynamic models. Both NERC's treatment of verification of generator dynamic models in the retired Planning Standards, and the efforts to date to develop corresponding Reliability Standards are discussed in this paper.
As utilities modernize their distribution systems to include wider use of advanced distribution automation (ADA) schemes, they need to assess the relevant distribution circuit configurations and reconfiguring capabilities, including the associated control and protection systems. The simulation of these ADA schemes along with the associated control systems overlay can lead to a better understanding of the value of these emerging capabilities and the ways they can be most effectively used. This panel presentation summary discusses using the control system overlay feature of an open-source distribution system simulator for modeling distribution automation schemes.
The Solid State Transformer (SST) is one of the key elements proposed in the National Science Foundation (NSF) Generation-III Engineering Research Center (ERC) “Future Renewable Electric Energy Delivery and Management” (FREEDM) Systems Center established in 2008. The SST is used to enable active management of distributed renewable energy resources, energy storage devices and loads. In this paper, a 20kVA solid state transformer based on 6.5kV IGBT is proposed for interface with 12kV distribution system voltage. The average model and control scheme of SST including AC/DC rectifier, Dual Active Bridge (DAB) converter and DC/AC inverter are developed to enable dynamic system level simulation. The developed average model is verified by comparing with the detailed switching model simulation. The dynamic system level SST simulation verifies the proposed controller and the corresponding average model illustrates the functionalities and advantages of the SST in FREEDM system.
This paper focuses on a few different aspects of the dynamic model validation process. It briefly describes the undergoing development of NERC standards that would require the validation and periodic re-validation of dynamic simulation models and then discusses the capabilities and shortfalls of the different approaches that might be applied to comply with such requirements. Finally, the paper presents some brief examples describing the use of such models in system simulations and how these results could affect the technical and economical operation of power plants.
The deficiencies of existing load models and their implementations in power system simulation programs are addressed in this paper. To improve the load model for power system simulation, a Synthesis Load Model (SLM) with distribution network, which is consistent with the structure of power loads and distribution networks, is presented. The SLM is reasonable in structure and convenient to use. The SLM can simulate the load components and distribution systems including distribution network, reactive compensation and the generators connected to low voltage networks. The validity of SLM has been validated by four field tests of three-phase short circuit in Northeast China Power Grid in the years of 2004 and 2005 respectively.
Protective relaying elements for wind farms, in particular, are sometimes characterized with different performance as compared with other ones used conventionally in power systems. Some factors including distributed generation concept, the own behavior of the Induction Generator (IG) and varying wind speed play basic roles for these situations. Current Limiting Fuses (CLFs) are commonly employed for protecting the local step-up transformer at each wind generation unit. In this paper, the performance of these elements is thoroughly investigated. For this purpose, a detailed dynamic simulation for a 305 MW wind farm in AL-Zafarana-Egypt is employed. CLF is also modeled in an interactive manner by simultaneously aggregate the fusing action with the power system simulation running employing the S-M function with level-2 M-file code in MATLAB-Simulink. This helps to clarify the behavior of CLFs for wind farm applications emphasizing the effects that may influence their performance in wind farms.
A major challenge for mixed signal circuit design is to solve the contradiction between system simulation time and accuracy for the real non-ideal effects. Sigma-Delta modulator is such a kind of circuit that is very popular in signal processing and communication systems nowadays. Its behavioral model is constructed and analyze of non-idealities are included in this paper. Almost all the non-idealities are applied into the proposed wide band architecture, which is not mentioned before. The model and simulation system is built in MATLAB SIMULINK platform and the simulation results are presented. The proposed model attains a better accuracy than existing work, while maintaining the fast simulation speed and flexibility for model reuse, which greatly improves the design efficiency.
The application background and practical requirement of virtual simulation system of tunnel boring machine have been discussed in this paper. Software MultiGen Creator and Vega are used to build the tunnel boring machine model. Application program of virtual simulation system based on virtual reality is developed by using C++, The author also studys on some key technologie of constructing virtual simulation system of tunnel boring machine, such as multi-cylinder synchronous simulation in virtual environment. The result shows that the work station can be simulated well, and this virtual simulation system can be extended in virtual training and manipulation virtual construction and so on.
In order to harness the full compute power of many-core processors, future designs must focus on effective utilization of on-chip cache and bandwidth resources. In this paper, we address the dual goals of (1) reducing on-chip communication overheads and (2) improving on-chip cache space utilization resulting in larger effective cache capacity and thereby potentially reduced off-chip traffic. We present a new cache coherence protocol that decouples the logical binding between data and metadata in a cache set. This decoupling allows data and metadata for a cache line to be independently delegated to any location on chip. By delegating metadata to the current owner/modifier of a cache line, communication overhead for metadata maintenance is avoided and communication can be effectively localized between interacting processes. By decoupling metadata from data, data space in the cache can be more efficiently utilized by avoiding unnecessary data replication. Using full system simulation, we demonstrate that our decoupled protocol achieves an average (geometric mean) speedup of 1.24 (1.3 with microbenchmarks) compared to a base statically mapped directory-based non-uniform cache access protocol, while generating only 65%and 74%of the on-chip and off-chip traffic respectively, and consuming 74%of the corresponding energy (95%of the power) in the on-chip memory and interconnect compared to the base system.
Due to the continuous growth of Internet users, computer systems become more powerful to follow still rising needs. Modern structures so-called Information Systems encompass not only more reliable hardware, but first of all multifunctional and thus highly compound software. On one hand, this gives great opportunity to realize very complex tasks through a network, even such as commercial business services. On the other hand, this introduces many issues with dependability of such systems that management and control of these infrastructures becomes extremely hard. Adapting well-studied knowledge on systems dependability to the new circumstances, we emphasize role of performance as one of dependability properties. Our response for requirements of efficient means for optimization and forecasting of Information Systems is to revitalize queuing models concept and combine them with computer simulation techniques in order to obtain scalable, fast and detailed enough analysis methodology.
Storage planning for outbound container is one of the most important operations in container terminals. It influences almost all successive operations, including storage position allocation for individual container, equipment scheduling, stowage planning and container relocation, etc. This paper studies storage space pre-allocation for outbound containers of arriving ships. Considering the complexity influence of random factors and the coupling relations with other subsystems, rules are collected from the real container terminals and are described in the form of constraint. The decision-making frame with mathematics model and system simulation is proposed, in which mathematics expresses are defined for clearing up objectives, variables and influencing factors of the storage plan problem, and simulation scenarios with the random factors considered are built and run to verify the mathematics model. The methods studied in this paper including constraint satisfying technique, rolling-horizon planning, hybrid approach of mathematics description and the simulation experiment, which are fit for planning problems of other complexity discrete system additionally.
According to the requirements of movement characteristics during the opening and closing of 40.5 kV vacuum circuit breaker on operating mechanism, this paper designed a new type of motor drive operating mechanism-cylinder linear induction motor (C-LIM) drive mechanism. Based on the characteristics of short trip, strong anti-force, high speed in mechanism, analysis the motor mechanism movement characteristics, calculated the dynamic characteristics of the contact under the optimized velocity curve and also plan the move curve of the contact in the paper. Pointing at proper border effect of C-LIM mathematical model is built of vector control system when consider dynamic vertical border effect, and simulated of the mechanism control system for driven by (C-LIM) in MATLAB environment. The simulation results show that it can get a good dynamic performance, small vibration and perfectly meet the requirements of mechanism movement characteristics during the opening and closing of circuit breaker when the linear motor direct drive circuit breaker actuator operating shaft, and still lay the foundations of circuit breaker intelligence control.
Due to the continuous growth of Internet users, computer systems become more powerful to follow still rising needs. Modern structures so-called Information Systems encompass not only more reliable hardware, but first of all multifunctional and thus highly compound software. On one hand, this gives great opportunity to realize very complex tasks through a network, even such as commercial business services. On the other hand, this introduces many issues with dependability of such systems that management and control of these infrastructures becomes extremely hard. Adapting well-studied knowledge on systems dependability to the new circumstances, we emphasize role of performance as one of dependability properties. Our response for requirements of efficient means for optimization and forecasting of Information Systems is to revitalize queuing models concept and combine them with computer simulation techniques in order to obtain scalable, fast and detailed enough analysis methodology.
Storage planning for outbound container is one of the most important operations in container terminals. It influences almost all successive operations, including storage position allocation for individual container, equipment scheduling, stowage planning and container relocation, etc. This paper studies storage space pre-allocation for outbound containers of arriving ships. Considering the complexity influence of random factors and the coupling relations with other subsystems, rules are collected from the real container terminals and are described in the form of constraint. The decision-making frame with mathematics model and system simulation is proposed, in which mathematics expresses are defined for clearing up objectives, variables and influencing factors of the storage plan problem, and simulation scenarios with the random factors considered are built and run to verify the mathematics model. The methods studied in this paper including constraint satisfying technique, rolling-horizon planning, hybrid approach of mathematics description and the simulation experiment, which are fit for planning problems of other complexity discrete system additionally.
According to the requirements of movement characteristics during the opening and closing of 40.5 kV vacuum circuit breaker on operating mechanism, this paper designed a new type of motor drive operating mechanism-cylinder linear induction motor (C-LIM) drive mechanism. Based on the characteristics of short trip, strong anti-force, high speed in mechanism, analysis the motor mechanism movement characteristics, calculated the dynamic characteristics of the contact under the optimized velocity curve and also plan the move curve of the contact in the paper. Pointing at proper border effect of C-LIM mathematical model is built of vector control system when consider dynamic vertical border effect, and simulated of the mechanism control system for driven by (C-LIM) in MATLAB environment. The simulation results show that it can get a good dynamic performance, small vibration and perfectly meet the requirements of mechanism movement characteristics during the opening and closing of circuit breaker when the linear motor direct drive circuit breaker actuator operating shaft, and still lay the foundations of circuit breaker intelligence control.
According to the requirement of reliability simulation technology development, and on the basis of summarizing the research results of reliability simulation technology, a framework of reliability interactive simulation (RIS) based on high layer architecture (HLA) is proposed. The framework which is mainly structured on HLA, combines the interactive simulation technology with reliability analysis technology. The design object of the framework is to realize the reliability comprehensive analysis and further implement the optimization of reliability design and analysis (RDA) process by reliability simulation technology integration and interaction. In addition, the paper also pertinently discusses the realization of the framework of RIS, and presents the guide of its development and possible breakthroughs in future.
Maintainability evaluation is the main method to assess the maintainability level of product. Maintainability design attributes of civil aircraft are determined by analysis of maintainability influencing factors; and the calculation method of each attribute is proposed by the means of maintenance task virtual simulation, rapid upper limb assessment and maintainability checklist. In terms of multiple attribute decision-making theory, the pretreatment methods of maintainability attributes are proposed, and the comprehensive maintainability evaluation model of civil aircraft system is established based on fuzzy theory and multiple attribute decision making method in this paper. Moreover, an instance combined with comprehensive evaluation of two different types of nose landing gear system is given to illustrate the effectiveness of the model.
This paper presents the experiences using a commercial full system simulation platform — Simics — in a graduate Chip Multiprocessors class. The Simics platform enables students and researchers to do research on computer architecture, operating systems, and hardware/software co-simulation. It provides the ability to simulate machines that are not physically available. This platform has been used in Chip Multiprocessors course to help graduate and undergraduate students in related areas. This course deals with both hardware and software issues in Chip Multiprocessors, and concludes with a team project at the end of the semester. The simulation-based approach was successful when student feedback and final projects are considered.
This paper presents the experiences using a commercial full system simulation platform — Simics — in a graduate Chip Multiprocessors class. The Simics platform enables students and researchers to do research on computer architecture, operating systems, and hardware/software co-simulation. It provides the ability to simulate machines that are not physically available. This platform has been used in Chip Multiprocessors course to help graduate and undergraduate students in related areas. This course deals with both hardware and software issues in Chip Multiprocessors, and concludes with a team project at the end of the semester. The simulation-based approach was successful when student feedback and final projects are considered.
Virtual enterprise is the outcome of fierce competition in the world market. The selection of partners is one of the key factors for the success of virtual enterprises. Multi-agent system is an incompact agent federation composed of many agents, with its characteristics identical to virtual enterprises. It is, therefore, reasonable and effective to apply to the selection of enterprises' partner. The issue of trust is a hot topic in multi-agent system. The present trust model cannot well solve the problem of identifying the initial trust value of applicant agents. Moreover, there is room for improvement as to the calculation of agent trust value. This study puts forward a new trust management model based on multi-agent system. In the model, a fuzzy algorithm is used to calculate the initial value of the agent instead of a static definition. In addition, an independent validation module is used to test information reliability. Therefore, the problems of identifying initial trust value can be solved. Through system simulation, it is noted that based on the trust management model the cooperation rate has been enhanced and individual agent's income has risen by a big margin.
Performance evaluation of hybrid (heterogeneous ISA) computing systems faces three major challenges: hybrid execution, multi-tasking, and system-level simulation variation. To evaluate system-level design decisions, a metric must encompass all forms of execution in a system, and incorporate any overheads introduced by hybrid execution. Differences in relative application speedups in a multi-tasking system complicate overall system performance evaluation. In full-system simulation, the relatively limited time-span for feasible tests compounds the evaluation problem. This paper discusses these challenges and presents metrics that address them.
Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) are an emerging computing paradigm that attempt to model the biological functions of the human brain. However, as networks approach the biological scale with significantly large numbers of neurons, software simulations face the problem of scalability and increasing computation times. Thus, numerous researchers have targeted hardware implementations in an attempt to more closely replicate the parallel processing capabilities of biological networks. Reconfigurable hardware is seen as a particularly viable platform for attempting to replicate to some degree the natural plasticity and flexibility of the human brain. This paper presents a scalable FPGA based implementation approach that facilitates the accelerated emulation of large-scale SNNs. The approach is validated using a SNN-based edge detection application where an order of magnitude speed performance increase was observed in comparison to a software equivalent implementation.
The Timed Colored Petri-net (TCP-net) model is established according to some discrete events of the Wood Flexile Manufacturing System (WFMS) using Petri-net. The model is available to not only show the machining process routes of the jobs to be processed on a flexible system, but also describe the system characteristics. At the same time, the model has been verified by witness software simulation tests, which results showed that WFMS is active without self-locking. Then to apply easy adjustment principle for this system, based on the simulation results, can raise the utilization ratio of machines.
In this paper, advanced engineering methods for modeling and discrete-time control of distributed parameter systems are presented. The dynamics of these systems is modeled by means of numerical structures defined on complex-shape 3D definition domains, similarly to a vast majority of engineering analysis and software simulation tools, which are heavily utilized among the engineering community for modeling and simulation of continuum mechanics systems. Inspired by a powerful capability of these numerical software packages along with the wide acceptance and utilization of MATLAB/Simulink as a control systems design environment, the package Distributed Parameter Systems Blockset for MATLAB & Simulink is used for modeling and simulation of a closed-loop feedback control system. In this paper, heating of a complex-shape 3D body is presented as a practical example of a methodology stated in the text. The techniques offered are completed by an user-friendly web service tool, suitable for interactive solution of modeling and control problems of distributed parameter systems via Internet.
Virtual enterprise is the outcome of fierce competition in the world market. The selection of partners is one of the key factors for the success of virtual enterprises. Multi-agent system is an incompact agent federation composed of many agents, with its characteristics identical to virtual enterprises. It is, therefore, reasonable and effective to apply to the selection of enterprises' partner. The issue of trust is a hot topic in multi-agent system. The present trust model cannot well solve the problem of identifying the initial trust value of applicant agents. Moreover, there is room for improvement as to the calculation of agent trust value. This study puts forward a new trust management model based on multi-agent system. In the model, a fuzzy algorithm is used to calculate the initial value of the agent instead of a static definition. In addition, an independent validation module is used to test information reliability. Therefore, the problems of identifying initial trust value can be solved. Through system simulation, it is noted that based on the trust management model the cooperation rate has been enhanced and individual agent's income has risen by a big margin.
Performance evaluation of hybrid (heterogeneous ISA) computing systems faces three major challenges: hybrid execution, multi-tasking, and system-level simulation variation. To evaluate system-level design decisions, a metric must encompass all forms of execution in a system, and incorporate any overheads introduced by hybrid execution. Differences in relative application speedups in a multi-tasking system complicate overall system performance evaluation. In full-system simulation, the relatively limited time-span for feasible tests compounds the evaluation problem. This paper discusses these challenges and presents metrics that address them.
Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) are an emerging computing paradigm that attempt to model the biological functions of the human brain. However, as networks approach the biological scale with significantly large numbers of neurons, software simulations face the problem of scalability and increasing computation times. Thus, numerous researchers have targeted hardware implementations in an attempt to more closely replicate the parallel processing capabilities of biological networks. Reconfigurable hardware is seen as a particularly viable platform for attempting to replicate to some degree the natural plasticity and flexibility of the human brain. This paper presents a scalable FPGA based implementation approach that facilitates the accelerated emulation of large-scale SNNs. The approach is validated using a SNN-based edge detection application where an order of magnitude speed performance increase was observed in comparison to a software equivalent implementation.
The Timed Colored Petri-net (TCP-net) model is established according to some discrete events of the Wood Flexile Manufacturing System (WFMS) using Petri-net. The model is available to not only show the machining process routes of the jobs to be processed on a flexible system, but also describe the system characteristics. At the same time, the model has been verified by witness software simulation tests, which results showed that WFMS is active without self-locking. Then to apply easy adjustment principle for this system, based on the simulation results, can raise the utilization ratio of machines.
In this paper, advanced engineering methods for modeling and discrete-time control of distributed parameter systems are presented. The dynamics of these systems is modeled by means of numerical structures defined on complex-shape 3D definition domains, similarly to a vast majority of engineering analysis and software simulation tools, which are heavily utilized among the engineering community for modeling and simulation of continuum mechanics systems. Inspired by a powerful capability of these numerical software packages along with the wide acceptance and utilization of MATLAB/Simulink as a control systems design environment, the package Distributed Parameter Systems Blockset for MATLAB & Simulink is used for modeling and simulation of a closed-loop feedback control system. In this paper, heating of a complex-shape 3D body is presented as a practical example of a methodology stated in the text. The techniques offered are completed by an user-friendly web service tool, suitable for interactive solution of modeling and control problems of distributed parameter systems via Internet.
Some interference management measures in the PHY Control to reduce possible interferences in the transmission between an MS and BSs are proposed. The design and assignment procedures to generate pilots to have lower interference levels are introduced and discussed. Based on the design process each pilot is accordingly assigned an interference weight with respect to a basic pilot and with this design in the system simulation by utilizing the generated pilots to IEEE 802.16m system it reveals that the system performance has 7.5 dB and 23 dB advantages in the interference levels for 7 BSs and 19 BSs respectively comparing with the conventional pilot design that assigns the pilots with the same interference weight for all BSs.
This paper presents fast and simple methods to calculate IGBT and diode switching and conduction losses in power electronic system simulation. With the models derived in this paper, these losses can be calculated although the device data is incomplete. A novel approach to calculate diode reverse recovery losses is included. Furthermore, the correlation between stray inductance and switching energy is investigated.
The paper describes blended learning approach to teaching uncontrolled rectifiers. It is based on “Learning by Doing” paradigm supported by several learning tools: electronic course materials, interactive simulation, laboratory plants and real experiments accessed by Web Publishing Tools under LabVIEW. Studying and experimenting access is opened for 24 hours a day, 7 days a week under the Moodle booking system.
The goal of this research is to reduce the common mode current in inverter system. To reach the goal, it is important to understand the behavior of common mode current precisely in the inverter circuits. Recently, computer simulation is widely used for this issue according to create good simulation model for individual electric component in used inverter system. The simulation results/accuracies are strongly depend on the modeling level/accuracy as widely known. In this paper we create the system simulation model for core design and motor model with grounded impedance as well. In this simulation, the key point is soft magnetized core modeling can be used in system simulation. Also this paper illustrates how to utilize the system simulation for inverter and motor drive system. This technique is verified by simulations and experiments.
A Matrix Converter (MC) is an AC-to-AC conversion device that can generate variable magnitude and frequency output voltage. The higher carrier frequency is selected for more accurate and low acoustic noise. However, using a high carrier frequency causes new problems, such as the increase of switching loss and premature breakdown of power device. Therefore, the auxiliary resonant commutated pole (ARCP) is applied to a MC and ARCPMC has been proposed. This paper shows how the method intended for improvement of the output voltage waveform for ARCPMC was verified using the system simulation and confirmed through experimental results.
This paper presents interactive simulation tools to support the enhancement of power electronics education considering DC to DC converters. These interactive tools make use of the benefits of Java language to provide a dynamic and interactive visualization of simulations in steady-state for idealized non-isolated DC to DC converters. Additionally, this paper discusses the features and the usage of the interactive educational tools to serve as a first design tool for the laboratory experiments in the power electronics courses. In this way, some results were confronted with a well-known simulator package and with experimental results in order to validate the developed interactive simulation tools.
Virtual environments are revolutionizing almost every aspect of the learning process; the learners live in interactive cyberspaces where they can communicate and collaborate globally in various ways. With the arrival of the Net Generation and the challenges and possibilities that the use of virtual reality brings to learning, the use of virtual simulations extends its possibilities to content access transforming education in a participatory and immersive experience. Virtual reality provides optimal support for information storage, retrieval and manipulation. Capitalizing on the awesome power of virtual reality for educational uses will permanently change the nature and course of how students learn. Virtual reality provides students with an unprecedented chance to explore, engage, and visualize the complex processes like never before. This paper explores the use of Second Life, a virtual learning environment, in higher education systems, and the potential possibilities of such virtual environments for teaching and learning in the 21st Century.
Because of wide area deployment, heterogeneity, dynamism, and other characteristics of large-scale distributed system (LDS), experimental environment supporting dynamic analysis is important for vulnerability analysis of LDS. In this paper, we summarize the requirements of experimental environment for LDS vulnerability analysis, propose and establish a universal emulation experimental environment for LDS vulnerability analysis, so-called LDSVAE (Large Distributed System Vulnerability Analysis Environment). By incorporating some novel techniques, including combined virtual and real network emulation, large-scale network topology automatic generation, image compression and long-distance reloading; LDSVAE provides a vulnerability analysis environment supporting wide area distribution and dynamic reconstruction for various types of LDS. In LDSVAE, real systems and applications can be dynamically deployed; fault injection and component behavioral analysis tools can be integrated. We analyze the structural vulnerability of the P2P-based distributed storage system-Pond in LDSVAE. The experiment results show that LDSVAE is effective for LDS vulnerability analysis.
A robust Hinfin controller design in an LMI framework has been carried out for a load-frequency control problem of a single-area uncertain power system model. For carrying out this design, the uncertainties have been restructured by considering norm-bounded uncertainty instead of rank-1 uncertainty structure of . The proposed design is simple and can be easily solved to obtain optimal values of the controller gain. It is concluded by simulation that the proposed approach may improve dynamic performance and disturbance rejection property over the existing controllers.
An approach for statistical and reliability analyses of concrete structures is presented. It describes the virtual simulation used on the way from assessment of experimental results to reliability analysis. The whole approach is based on randomization of nonlinear fracture mechanics finite element analysis of concrete structures. Efficient techniques of both nonlinear numerical analysis of concrete structures and stochastic simulation methods of Monte Carlo type have been combined in order to offer an advanced tool for assessment of realistic behaviour of concrete structures. The stochastic response requires repeated analyses of the structure with stochastic input parameters, which reflects randomness and uncertainties in the input values. The procedure utilizes statistical simulation of Monte Carlo type also for preparation of training set of artificial neural network used for fracture mechanical parameters identification. The application of approach to virtual statistical simulation of shear capacity of precast prestressed concrete elements SPIROLL is presented. Design shear capacities calculated according to design codes and alternative procedures are compared with simulation of reality representing virtual reliability control of elements production.
A carrier offset in OFDM system simulation is generally considered to be slowly time-varying, so that, over short simulation periods, it may be considered to be a constant quantity. However, depending on system mobility, carrier frequency, and communication duration, time-varying carrier offsets caused by Doppler effects can be significant in a real physical environment. Few researchers have addressed this in their works. Of those who have addressed this, many present simplified, vague, or inaccurate time-varying carrier offset models. In this paper, we present a more realistic time-varying carrier offset model and present expressions for carrier offset correction that maximize the signal-to-interference ratio (SIR). We also provide guidelines for when the application of the time-varying carrier offset model is crucial for correct OFDM system evaluation.
The increasing uncertainties grid operators have to face in their every-day work lead to the necessity for fast and accurate information about the probability of certain operational states of the operated network. Algorithms traditionally used in grid operation and planning are only able to evaluate discrete operational states of the particular power grid. A consideration and integration of probabilistic data can only be done by the analysis of selected discrete states followed by an interpolation. The algorithm presented in this paper falls into the category of Probabilistic Load Flow Calculation with a new approach for the modeling of the underlying network, as well as measures to reduce the inaccuracy introduced by linearization. Aspects like accuracy and calculation time in comparison to existing approaches are covered in detail.
The increased accuracy into the fault's detection and location make an easier task for maintenance, this being the reason to develop new possibilities to a precise estimation of the fault location. The paper presents the results of the implementation of two fault location algorithms in ATP-EMTP program. Some ATP-MODELS modules were associated to the ATP model of different transmission grids, these modules being developed on basis of Takagi algorithm applied in two-machine systems and on basis of one algorithm processing synchronized positive-sequence phasor quantities on both transmission lines' terminals. DFT and A3 type filters were used to calculate the fundamental frequency phasors of the transient voltages and currents. There are presented some simulations', the considered parameters of the presented analysis being: line's load, fault's type and resistance and fault position along the overseen line.
A time-domain approach based on a discrete representation of the differentiation operation is presented in this paper to compute periodic steady-state solutions of electric power systems. The finite-dimensional representation of the derivative operator reproduces the exact derivative of a trigonometric polynomial. The time-domain representation of the electric network in terms of ordinary differential equations is transformed into a nonlinear algebraic formulation and solved using a Newton algorithm, where the unknowns of the algebraic equations are the samples of the state variables. Besides, the incorporation of sparse techniques improves the efficiency of the discrette-time solution in terms of storage and computational effort. Test cases incorporating nonlinear devices such as transformers, electric arc furnaces and STATCOMs are presented to illustrate the effectiveness of this method. Comparative results are reported using the well-known finite-difference method.
This paper presents the results of parameter identification of static load characteristics on the basis of large number of field tests. The parameters of most frequently used, polynomial and exponential load model are determined using two different ways of normalization - normalization with voltage and power values just before the voltage change, and normalization with rated voltage and power values. Significant differences between corresponding identified parameter values and predicted power values are found depending on the way of normalization. Better characteristics of normalization with rated voltage and power values are emphasized. This normalization is suggested for power system analyses because another way of normalization causes large parameter deviations and big mistakes in prediction of load values in the examined voltage range, from 0.95 to 1.1 p.u.
This paper presents a dynamic Proton Exchange Membrane Fuel Cell Model (PEMFC) model based on mass balance and semi-empirical equations. A complete PEMFC System containing a Power Conditioning Unit (PCU) is also investigated and various scenarios are simulated to assess the behaviour of a grid-connected FC in a Distributed Generation (DG) network.
This paper outlines practical experiences from the application of a wide area monitoring and control system in a real network environment. After outline a general architecture for system control, results of application for power flow optimization based on ATC calculation will be given. The network studies have been carried out utilizing different power system simulation tools and have been implemented in a real-time network model in laboratory scale.
This paper shows the possibilities for estimating the energy losses in the network using statistical characteristics — covariance of the loads and of the balancing bus voltage — calculated for the reference regime of the network. Input data for the network can be estimated energies in the busses for the respective period or a values interval where the loads in the busses will be randomly generated. The generation takes place in every time period related to the reference regime. Finally, we present the results obtained for two test networks.
This paper deals with damping modeling for transformer energization studies for system restoration purposes. A review of some of the literature recommendations for these studies is presented. Then, several damping models for generators, lines and transformers are benchmarked by means of simulation vs. field test measurements comparison. For the field test case considered, results show that simple models are as accurate as the more sophisticated frequency-dependent ones. A technique for automatized benchmark has been used that could be applied to other field test cases in order to draw general conclusions.
The energetic scenario shows ever growing energy consumptions and the need of an optimal management of different types of energy distributed resources. The synergy among different energy carriers could be exploited to achieve a more efficient use of the resources, an increase of the reliability of the electrical system, a greater integration of renewable generation in the system and both a demand and supply side management. In this paper a simulation environment of multi-vector energy networks is presented. In particular, the paper focuses on the role that CHP units may have in coupling electric and thermal networks and their feasibility of participating to the distribution network voltage regulation.
Researchers have investigated different techniques to improve damping for transient stability events. Off-line security analysis and day-ahead studies are scenarios where unacceptable damping levels for oscillatory instabilities may be detected. One type of correction to improve damping is to re-dispatch generation. In this paper, a new prediction method will use data from a conventional transient stability simulation to predict transient performance over an abbreviated observation window. Damping levels will be calculated using a simple iterative technique and the Stability Output Fourier Transformation method. If damping levels are found to be insufficiently small, improvement will be demonstrated after generation has been re-dispatched. Several examples will show that the new prediction method along with the damping calculation technique can estimate transient stability performance before and after implementing a re-dispatching scheme to improve damping.
Load model is one of the most important elements in power system simulation and control. Based on more than 20 years of practice using load characteristic recorders in the measurement-based load modeling, this paper proposes the Expectation Composite Load Model to predict unseen data. The methods for load bus classification and parameter identification are also provided. The generalization capability of the proposed load modeling is validated by the measured load dynamics and system dynamics during two three-phase short circuit tests of the NE power grid in China. In order to evaluate the measurement-based load model, the Probabilistic Collocation Method (PCM) is applied to quantitatively analyze uncertainties of the simulation responses raised by the parameters.
In this paper, we propose a framework to develop high-performance system accelerator hardware and the corresponding software at system-level. This framework is designed by integrating a virtual machine, an electronic system level platform, and an enhanced QEMU-SystemC. The enhancement includes a local master interface for fast memory transfer, and an interrupt handling hardware for software/hardware communication that enables full system simulation. Finally, the PAC DSP core is used as examples to demonstrate the proposed framework for full system simulation.
Clock jitter is measured and digitized by a stochastic time-to-digital converter (TDC). This jitter information is used to compensate the sampling error of an analog-to-digital converter (ADC) caused by the clock jitter. The following two system scenarios are covered: 1) an ADC with a clean external clock and 2) an ADC with an external clock as the main jitter source. TDC calibrations for both scenarios are proposed. The calibrations are based on signal reconstruction and can be performed in the background. Both theoretical analyses and system simulations are provided to verify the proposed jitter compensation and TDC calibration techniques.
Due to the high local magnetic saturation, interior permanent magnet (IPM) brushless and synchronous machines are normally simulated based on finite element analysis (FEA). This paper presents a simulation approach based on the equivalent circuit extraction (ECE) model from FEA results. A high efficient sweep technique is introduced and the simulation results for an IPM machine are compared with the transient FEA results and the test data.
A digital camera is a complex system including a lens, a sensor (physics and circuits), and a digital image processor, where each component is a sophisticated system on its own. Since prototyping a digital camera is very expensive, it is highly desirable to have the capability to explore the system design tradeoffs and preview the system output ahead of time. An empirical digital imaging system simulation that aims to achieve such a goal is presented. It traces the photons reflected by the objects in a scene through the optics and color filter array, converts photons into electrons with consideration of noise introduced by the system, quantizes the accumulated voltage to digital counts by an analog-to-digital converter, and generates a Bayer raw image just as a real camera does. The simulated images are validated against real system outputs and show a close resemblance to the images captured under similar condition at all illumination levels.
A new millimeter-wave multi-port receiver is analyzed in this paper. Frequency division multiplexing scheme based on four QPSK modulated sub-channels is used to reach 2 Gb/s data-rate. This implementation is validated using advanced system simulations of a short-range 60 GHz wireless link. The receiver model is built using a millimeter-wave multi-port interferometer model based on S parameter measurement results of ultra wideband circuits, fabricated on very-thin ceramic substrate. Bit error rate results are presented and discussed. They prove that the proposed wireless link can be successfully used for an uncoded HDTV transmission up to 10 m range.
Quantitative precipitation forecasting is currently limited by the paucity of observations on sufficiently fine temporal and spatial scales. Three-dimensional water vapor fields can be retrieved with improved spatial coverage from measurements obtained using a network of scanning microwave radiometers. To investigate this potential, an observation system simulation experiment was performed in which synthetic examples of retrievals using a network of radiometers were compared with results from the Weather Research and Forecasting model at a grid scale of 500 m. These comparisons show that the 3-D water vapor field can be retrieved with an accuracy of better than 15%–20%. A ground-based demonstration network of three compact microwave radiometers was deployed at the Atmospheric Radiation Measurement Southern Great Plains site in Oklahoma. Results using these network measurements demonstrated the first retrieval of the 3-D water vapor field in the troposphere at fine spatial and temporal resolutions.
In recent years there has been significant growth in the use of 3D virtual worlds for e-learning and distance education. These immersive environments offer the ability to create complex, highly interactive simulations using in-world modeling and scripting tools. Virtual learning environments' support teaching and learning in an educational context, offering the functionality to manage the presentation, administration and assessment of coursework. However the presentation layer of virtual learning environment's are highly restrictive offering limited opportunities to create highly engaging and immersive user experiences. This paper investigates the suitability of one popular virtual world, Second Life? for education and teaching purposes. It discusses its functionality and features and assesses its perceived limitations for use in educational context with a particular focus on the ability to link/integrate the virtual world with existing virtual learning environments. A number of demonstrative examples showing how virtual world/virtual learning environments can be integrated and linked will be shown and the potential opportunities that exist in this area discussed while identifying some of the barriers that exist to the widespread adoption of these approaches for everyday use.
A high temperature superconducting (HTS) linear synchronous motor (LSM) using HTS bulk magnets as secondary has lots of advantages than conventional permanent magnet (PM) LSM, such as smaller volume, less weight, bigger propulsion and so on. In this paper, the numerical model and equivalent magnetic-circuit of a HTS-LSM are built with results are presented. The magnetic field distribution and thrust force characteristics of the HTS-LSM are studied based on finite element method, and the analysis results are compared for different sizes of HTS bulk. The control strategy of Voltage Space Vector PWM (SVPWM) is applied to the running of the HTS-LSM, and the speed-adjusted system simulation model is also built by Matlab/Simulink lied on the mathematical model of HTS-LSM. This work has important meanings for the further studying of the HTS-LSM technology.
This research studies the forces on the windings of transformer due to magnetic inrush current. These forces are compared with the corresponding forces due to short-circuit of the windings. Three dimensional finite element computation of three-phase power transformer is carried out based on the maximum permissible magnetic inrush current value where its amplitude is the same as the rated short-circuit current. To verify the computation results, they are compared with those obtained using Ansys software simulation.
Real time simulation is becoming an essential simulation environment for engineering design, especially in power systems. This paper discusses two real time simulators applied to power system simulation: Real Time Digital Simulator (RTDS) and National Instruments-PXI (PCI eXtensions for Instrumentation). RTDS is an efficient tool for the design, development, and testing of power system and its components. NI-PXI is a high-performance and low-cost PC-based platform, used for simulating wide variety of systems. Virtual testing of power systems on the NI-PXI and its potential power system simulating capabilities has been discussed here. The performances of both the simulators are studied and compared by running an eight-bus power system under different fault conditions in real time. A Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories (SEL)-351S directional over-current relay is used to test these power system simulators. The SEL reports obtained by simulating the power system on these simulators are compared as a part of verification process.
Several industrial-grade power system simulation tools are commercially available in the market. They are expensive to acquire and time-consuming to learn. As a result, very few institutions (utilities, academic/research organizations) can afford to use more than one power system simulation tool. The simulation tools differ in their components modelling. Different simulation tools can give different results for the same system model. Understanding the reasons for the discrepancies in the results is not a trivial task. In this paper, we investigate the effect of variations in modelling generator saturation. We carried out an eigenvalue analysis of a single machine infinite bus (SMIB) system using PSS/E, PowerFactory, EUROSTAG, SSAT, and MatNetEig. The simulation results show that the effect of saturation on the local modes is erratic and there is a need for further research on saturation representation in power system stability simulation tools.
Interactive simulation games used for training usually require a large amount of coherent narrative content. An effective and efficient solution to the narrative content creation problem is to use Natural Language Generation (NLG) systems. The use of NLG systems, however, requires sophisticated linguistic and sometimes programming knowledge. For this reason, NLG systems are typically not accessible to the game designers who write narrative content. We have designed and implemented a visual environment for creating and modifying NLG templates that requires no programming knowledge, and can operate with a minimum of linguistic knowledge. It allows specifying templates with any number of variables and dependencies between them. It automatically generates all the sentences that follow the created template. It uses SimpleNLG to provide the linguistic background knowledge. We tested the performance of our system in the context of an interactive simulation game.
The concept of Distributed Flexible AC Transmission Systems (D-FACTS) was introduced in order to provide a cost-effective solution for power flow control. Determining the location and amount of distributed compensation to be employed is an important problem. Proper deployment of DFACTS is necessary for optimal control of the power flow in a large meshed network. Being a distributed solution, DFACTS provides flexibility in terms of deployment. This often makes the problem even more computationally intensive. Recent studies show that Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) technique gives better results than classical optimization techniques, when applied to power engineering optimization problems. This paper shows the application of PSO for the optimal deployment of DFACTS. The technique is applied on the IEEE 39 bus system. Details of the method and the results obtained are presented in the paper.
Previous studies pointed out that the participation of microgrids in the frequency control enables us to reduce the frequency fluctuation of the power system. This feature of microgrids can help penetration of renewable energy resources without extensive investment in utility grids and to reduce the capacity of thermal power plants for load frequency control (LFC) of the power systems. On the other hand, achieving a matched supply and demand of electricity is obligated to the microgrid as well as energy service providers, called PPS (power producer and supplier) in Japan, while the theoretical grounds are indistinct. Then we executed the simulation about the effect of that the microgrid control on the frequency fluctuation of electric power system. The frequency change that originated by random load change was analyzed using the night time condition of IEEJ(The Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan) east 30-machine model with assuming 20%of all loads were put into the microgrid. As a result, it was clarified the fluctuation of the system frequency will not increase by introduction of microgrid. Moreover, the variance of frequency fluctuation could be decreased by adopting an appropriate control in the microgrid generator.
This paper presents a new simulation model for fuses with high-breaking capacity. Especially when investigating protection concepts for high-power converters, fuse behavior is of major interest. Design basics and applications of modern fuses will be presented, followed by a detailed description of the modeling concept. The realization in a commercial simulation program is then discussed, accompanied by measurement results used for parameterization. Additional measurements are employed to verify and assess the accuracy of the model. Finally, the application of the model in complex drive systems is shown.
We have developed a dynamic analytical circuit model to simulate the performance of switched reluctance motors (SRMs). Our model expresses flux linkages as multiple decoupled one-argument functions, either current dependent or rotor position dependent, instead of one two-argument function dependent on both current and rotor position. We propose a novel approach for the computation of the air gap permeance at various rotor positions. By using this analytical model, the performance of a SRM can be simulated very efficiently and with improved accuracy. As an application example, we present a simulation of an 8/6 pole SRM in the system domain, and compare the results with transient finite element analysis (FEA) solutions.
The widespread availability of high-performance computing and accurate and realistic computer simulation techniques has stimulated the development of computational anthropomorphic models of both the anatomy and physiological functions of humans and laboratory animals. These simulation tools have been applied to different medical imaging modalities including ultrasound, single photon emission computed tomography, positron emission tomography, X-ray computed tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, optical imaging, and multimodality imaging with various combinations of the above. This paper reviews the fundamental and technical challenges and future directions of developing computational models of normal and abnormal human anatomy and physiological functions, with a particular focus on their applications to biomedical imaging and radiation dosimetry calculations. The combination of accurate and realistic computer generated models of human and laboratory animals, radiation sources and distributions, transport of radiation through biological tissues, characteristics of the imaging system, and physics of the image formation process allows accurate and realistic simulation of biomedical imaging data and radiation dose distributions that are ever closer to those obtained from clinical and experimental laboratory animal studies. These simulation tools and techniques will provide an increasingly important contribution and impact in the future of biomedical imaging and dosimetry calculations.
A change detection algorithm has been developed in order to obtain high-resolution soil moisture estimates from future Soil Moisture Active and Passive (SMAP) L-band radar and radiometer observations. The approach combines the relatively noisy 3-km radar backscatter coefficients and the more accurate 36-km radiometer brightness temperature into an optimal 10-km product. In preparation for the SMAP mission, an observation system simulation experiment (OSSE) and field experimental campaigns using the Passive and Active L- and S-band Airborne Sensor (PALS) have been conducted. We use the PALS airborne observations and OSSE data to test the algorithm and develop an error budget table. When applied to four-month OSSE data, the change detection method is shown to perform better than direct inversion of the radiometer brightness temperatures alone, improving the root mean square error by 2%volumetric soil moisture content. The main assumptions of the algorithm are verified using PALS data from the soil moisture experiments held during June–July 2002 (Soil Moisture Experiment 2002) in Iowa. The algorithm error budget is estimated and shown to meet SMAP science requirements.
A Spatial staggered universal joint is a kind of mechanism with intrinsic motion and it is difficult to get satisfying analytical solution about it. By means of computer simulation technology, this paper has investigated the intrinsic properties including the motion characteristics of the output shaft as well as those of transmitting elements, slide bar and guide bar. The gained simulation data and motion curves provide practical guidelines for promoting the utilization and popularization of the spatial staggered universal joint.
For C4ISR (Command, Control, Communication, computer, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance) system simulation and evaluation, the corresponding indexes system which is reasonable and acquirable is the key problem. To meet the need of effectiveness evaluation of C4ISR and taken the core competence of C4ISR for network-centric warfare(NCW) into consideration, we introduce and analyzes the conceptual of network-centric operation, then provide the indexes system based Network centric operations conceptual framework(NCOCF) for evaluating C4ISR system for NCW and give out an example of the application.
The rise in multi-core architectures has led to the abundance of computing resources on a chip. Virtualization has emerged as a way to efficiently partition and share these resources. Thus, the emphasis in micro-architecture design, especially in x86, has shifted towards providing hardware support for better performance of VMs on bare metal. One of the areas of focus for these efforts is the Translation Lookaside Buffer (TLB). Recent modifications in the TLB include the addition of tags as a part of the TLB entry and the incorporation of hardware primitives to perform tag comparison during TLB lookup. In this paper we present the Tag Manager Table (TMT), a low-latency management architecture for tagging the TLB entries using process-specific identifiers (based on the CR3 register in x86), and thereby reducing the number of flushes and the miss rate in the TLB. Using a full system simulation approach, we investigate the performance benefit of these tags and explore how it varies with the size of the TMT, the TLB architecture and the workload characteristics. We also perform a sensitivity analysis and quantify the relative importance of all these factors in determining the benefit from CR3 tagging. While our focus is on virtualized platforms, this approach is equally applicable for non virtualized environments.
Analysis of the generic attacks and countermeasures for block cipher based message authentication code algorithms (MAC) in sensor applications is undertaken; the conclusions are used in the design of two new MAC constructs Quicker Block Chaining MAC1 (QBC-MAC1) and Quicker Block Chaining MAC2 (QBC-MAC2). Using software simulation we show that our new constructs point to improvements in usage of CPU instruction clock cycle and energy requirement when benchmarked against the de facto Cipher Block Chaining MAC (CBC-MAC) based construct used in the TinySec security protocol for wireless sensor networks.
Shooting training plays an important role in the education of the police college. However, the real shooting training will take more resources and have longer training periods. The simulated shooting system is emerging to improve the effect of the shooting training. In this paper, we describe the design and implementation of a shooting system simulation platform for the police college. We first analyzed the actual scenes and then design this platform based on our design principles. The implementation of this platform is also presented in this paper. The feedbacks and the training scores from the students show that this platform is effective in shooting training.
It gave the conception and meanings of the aged coal mine by summing up related names of the aged coal mine. In order to set up the criteria for a coal mine, it chose mine remaining service life as identification standard to identify whether a coal mine is aged or not on the basis of correlation analysis between many influence factors. By using the cluster analysis method it determines the remaining service life criteria for the aged coal mine, large and medium-size coal mine 10 a, small-size 5 a. Then it put forward a System Dynamic model for a coal mine lifecycle employing identification standard and influence factors of the aged coal mine, proved correctly and effectively by fitting test of historical data. The model can simulate a coal mine lifecycle and reappear the past action characteristics, judging turning point and predicting remaining service life of a mine.
This paper deals with the usage of interactive simulations tools to serve as an oriented design tool for the lectures and laboratory experiments in the power electronics courses. A dynamic and interactive visualization of simulations for idealized converters in steady state are provided by the proposed educational tools, allowing students to acquire qualification in non-isolated DC-DC converters, without previous circuitry knowledge, either without the usage of sophisticated simulation packages. The interaction with proposed simulation tools can be accomplished by student using direct or graphic mode. In direct mode the parameters related with the design of converter can be inserted simply editing default values presented in textboxes, while in the graphic mode students interact indirectly with design information by manipulating visual widgets. In order to corroborate the proposed interactive simulation tools, comparisons of results from buck-boost and boost converters on proposed tools and a well-known simulator package with those on experimental evaluation from laboratory classes were presented.
3GPP LTE specification is stable now in release 8. To meet much higher requirements than release 8, 3GPP has initiated the LTE-A (LTE-Advanced) study item. In LTE-A, CoMP (Coordinated multiple point transmission and reception) and CA (carrier aggregation) are two new features. CoMP is used to improve coverage and to increase cell-edge throughput. It is considered as an effective approach for ICIC (inter-cell interference coordination) in LTE-A due to inherent joint scheduling/processing at the coordinated cells. CA is used to improve the peak rate in LTE-A. It has been widely discussed in 3GPP RAN1. Generally, three kinds of CA are involved, namely the aggregations for continuous carriers, non-continuous intra-band carriers and non-continuous inter-band carriers respectively. In this thesis, under the case of CA, the problem of power allocation for eNBs in the CoMP cooperating set for downlink transmission is discussed, and we propose a power allocation algorithm. Based on the system simulation, the unite rate (bit/sec/Hz) and the corresponding SINR are compared. The possible method of the implementation for this scheme is discussed too.
Real-time network simulation refers to simulating computer networks in real time so that the virtual network can interact with real implementations of network protocols, network services, and distributed applications. This paper proposes a new model for real-time simulation of large-scale networks based on powerful network processor. The scheme takes advantage of discrete event system simulation model to simulating large-scale network. This paper describes the implementation of network simulation technology based on Intel IXP2400 platform. Experiment results show that the model can simulate large-scale network, learn routing entries automatically and forward packets at wire-speed.
The introduction of sustainable and renewable energy sources into traditional networks will be limited if we continue to use inappropriate methods for security analysis. The probabilistic nature of variable and non-schedulable renewable generation is not well represented in current on-line security assessment schemes. This paper presents a novel method of analyzing and comparing system security schemes and provides initial results of one such scheme. It does so by dynamic simulation of Monte Carlo samples on the IEEE Reliability Test System (IEEE-RTS). It aims to provide information on both how often and how badly the system security scheme fails. After testing on the IEEE-RTS it can be shown that there are credible failures that N&#x2212;1 does not consider. It highlights the need for a new security assessment scheme that goes beyond a small deterministic set of test cases.
Flywheel Energy Storage has attracted new research attention recently in applications like power quality, regenerative braking and uninterruptible power supply (UPS). As a sustainable energy storage method, Flywheel Energy Storage has become a direct substitute for batteries in UPS applications. Inner design of the flywheel unit is shown to illustrate the economical way to construct the system. A comprehensive model of Flywheel energy storage system (FESS) that bridging the gap caused by power outage for critical loads in commercial and industrial areas is presented. The basic circuit consists of bidirectional power converter and flywheel unit coupled with interior permanent magnet synchronous motor (IPMSM). Maximum torque per ampere (MTPA) and flux weakening are used in the control scheme on IPMSM. Detailed block diagrams of the control scheme are given. The FESS for UPS application is modeled, simulated, and analyzed in MATLAB/SIMULINK environment.
Based on a large amount of actual measured data on railway line, this paper presents a modeling method using curve-fitting and probabilistic density functions for a high speed EMU. This method better simulates the real world and can be used to build a rapid data exchange between the trains and the traction power system simulation.
Base on a prototype of the 130kw/5kv high voltage generator, the system simulation model is set up for the generator stator windings suddenly three-phase short-circuit failure and loss of excitation failures. The dynamic simulation compared with experiment on DJ18-1 synchronous generator, it reaches conclusion that the system simulation model is correct. The current of the high-voltage generator stator windings three-phase short-circuit is far less than of the conventional three-phase generator short-circuit by simulation analysis; and if the high-voltage generator can be come into stabilized asynchronous running condition after loss of excitation, that offers time to clear fault. This reduces expense caused by its step-out and stoppage, and further improves operation reliability of generators and the electric power system.
The load will change drastically when a new user accesses the CDMA system. So the advanced outer loop power control (OLPC) technology will be taken to enrich the target signal interference ratio (SIR) and improve the system performance. The author introduces the ever existed problems about WCDMA outer loop power control for multi-service and analyzes the power control theoretical model. By system simulation the author explains how to obtain the theoretical performance and parameter optimization of power control algorithm. The OLPC algorithm is improved and the performance comparisons between the old algorithm and the improved algorithm are given. The results show the good performance of the improved OLPC algorithm and prove the validity of improved method for multi-service.
The discrete event simulation software QUEST is being used in a sophomore level engineering probability and statistics course. This course is required for all engineering students in the school. Students learn about the basics of the QUEST operating environment and how to assemble and run simple simulation models. For more complex systems, the students modify and run existing simulation models that have been developed by the instructors. The simulations are used to illustrate the effects of changing the probability distribution of events on the behavior of a system or to generate random data to be used to analyze a system's behavior. Besides being used as a random number generator, the assignments provide the students with an understanding of the nature of system simulation (as opposed to analytical analysis). The QUEST-based laboratory assignments are described and assessment results obtained to date are presented.
Verification of processors with high performance is becoming more and more time-consuming and even gradually turning into the bottleneck of the processor design. The Verification of Reconfiguralbe Multimedia Array Processor(ReMAP) we designed for multimedia processing and its internal component Reconfigurable DSP(ReDSP) is also no exception. A high-speed verification platform based on emulator is proposed for ReDSP and ReMAP. We demonstrate the hardware architecture of the platform and different verification modes it supports. A software verification model is proposed, and the evaluation results show a great acceleration rate compared to software simulation<sup>1</sup>.
Packet-level generative models are designed to be employed for evaluating and designing high layer wireless communications protocols. The significance of these models arises from their ability to replace the entire physical communication layer, hence reducing the time and complexity of wireless system simulations. In this paper, an enhanced general packet radio service (EGPRS) transmission system is utilized to obtain reference bursty packet error sequences. We then propose a new hidden Markov model with two processes to generate packet error sequences of any desired length. The attained burst error statistics demonstrate a satisfactory performance compared to those of reference packet error sequences.
Entry position of the graft is very important in anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) reconstruction. However the determination of entry position is very difficult to the surgeon. In this paper, a navigation and evaluation system assisted by the 6-DOFS robot is implemented for the simulation evaluation and planning insertion points based on quadrant method for the femur and St&#x00E4;ublis method for the tibia on the lateral X-ray image of knee joint. Meanwhile, the implementation of the key technologies such as image correction, image registration, C-arm calibration, video tracking, bone surface reconstruction, image fusion, 6-DOFS robot, and virtual simulation are introduced. Finally, Experiments about the tunnel planning method and real time tracking of surgical apparatus are implemented on 8 bone of plastic models (Sawbone, Swiss) and 10 bones of the goat. In the experiment, the tibia rotates around the femur under the surgeon's implementation to evaluate the planning result with the virtual simulation and evaluation module. The positioning error is 1.59mm from analysis on 30 space targets. The virtual reconstruction ACL is satisfied with two important criteria of the best isometry and collision detection between graft and intercondylar surface of femur. The results are well accepted in operations. In order to satisfying with the request of exact operation in ACL reconstruction, we have developed 6-DOFS passive robot to assist the surgeons entry positioning and drilling of implant tunnels, implementing exact operation in knee joint.
Real-time haptic rendering of three-dimensional fluid flow will improve the interactivity and realism of applications ranging from video games to surgical simulators, but it remains a challenging undertaking due to its high computational cost. Humans are very familiar with the look and feel of real fluids, so successful interactive simulations need to obey the mathematical relationships of fluid dynamics with high spatial resolution and fast temporal response. In this work we propose an innovative GPU-based approach that enables real-time haptic rendering of high-resolution 3D Navier-Stokes fluids. We show that moving the vast majority of the computation to the GPU allows for the simulation of touchable fluids at resolutions and frame rates that are significantly higher than any other recent real-time methods without a need for pre-computations. Based on our proposed approach, we build a haptic and graphic rendering system that allows users to interact with 3D virtual smoke in real time through the Novint Falcon, a commercial haptic interface.
Analysis of stability is essential for power system planning and stable operation. The results of transient and steady-state stability studies depend on the appropriate choice of load models. This study investigates modeling issues of the induction motors that are used as a dynamic part of load models. Due to its superiority, we propose the application of the rotor speed frame based model of induction motors instead of a system frequency frame based model in power system stability simulations. A comparative study of steady-state stability of a power system is performed with different induction motor models. The implementation of lower-order models gives more optimistic results. A larger proportion of induction motor load degrades the stability of power systems. It is shown that a third-order model implemented in a rotor speed frame based system is most suitable for stability studies.
The dicision of receiver buffer length is very important for real time streaming media. Different buffer length get different quality of playback even under the same network circumstances such as algorithm of transmission and playback. Due to the importance of receiver buffer for the streaming media, in this paper we study the principle of buffer and design on a buffer simulation platform of real-time streaming media. This platform realizes complete buffer simulation of real-time streaming media, including sending, transmitting, receiving and playback of the video data. To test the platform, an improved algorithm for real-time video dynamic playback based on PI controller is simulated on this platform. The experiment result shows that this simulation platform is valid.
This paper addresses a new restoration mechanism in drop region of EPON network by using the optical switch device to increase the efficiency, survivability and reliability of fiber to the home (FTTH) customer access network. The developed device will be installed at the drop section to detect the failure line that occurs in the multi-line drop section of FTTH network downwardly from passive optical splitter to the customer premises (ONU). The drop section restoration mechanism called smart drop restoration scheme (SDRS) will contribute for tree based and bus based architecture. Conventionally, the failure line of FTTH network can be measured using Optical Time-Domain Reflectometer (OTDR) upwardly from customer premises to the central office. The optical switches will be controlled by Access Control System (ACS). If the breakdown is the detected in drop section, ACS will recognize the related access line by the 3&#x025; tapped signal that is connected to every access line. The activation signal is then sent to activate the dedicated protection scheme. But if fault is still not restored, the shared protection scheme will be activated. Results from Optisystem software simulation will be presented so as to prove the solution feasibility.
This article describes problems of distributing a real-time, human-in-the-loop simulator. The simulator itself is a dynamics simulator solving the dynamics of Multi-Body Systems in real-time. Techniques used to distribute computation are presented and their suitability for general purpose interactive simulation are discussed.
In this paper, a novel approach for digital image chaotic communication via FPGA embedded Ethernet transmission is proposed. Based on Euler algorithm and variable ratio expansion transformation, by C language programming under the Linux operating system, the continuous time 8-scroll Chua system is converted to the discrete sequence used to encrypt and decrypt image on the FPGA-based platform. According to the principle of driving-response synchronization, a scheme for chaotic communication of a 512&#x0D7;512BMP static color image is implemented via embedded Ethernet transmission on the FPGA-based platform with XUP Virtex-II Pro chip. Moreover, the system design, software simulation and hardware implementation results are also given.
The article introduced the method of the roller pass virtual design by computer simulation technology. It discussed that based on the virtual roller classification, the constructed roll pass design virtual manufacture system components model, the vertical roll three dimensional virtual charts and the engineering plat. It discussed distortion process in the straight seam welded pipe production and the virtual simulation of formation strength. Modeling technology about the roll virtual manufacture hardware environment and the system structure of roller virtual processing environment has researched.
In recent years, the proportion of the wind power in the grid is increasing rapidly. When the grids faults results in voltage decline, the widespread tripping of wind generators could lead to transient instabilities and local or overall blackouts. So it is concerned that the wind turbines merge into the grid and the request of the low voltage ride through(LVRT)ability is proposed. This paper analysises the transient responses of DFIG during grid fault, and then the three LVRT methods of DFIG are presented, Excitation Control strategy is mainly discussed. The model and the strategy of Excitation Control are implemented in the power system simulation tool Matlab/Simulink. The control algorithm was implemented in the existing motor control unit without any additional hardware cost. The controller was successfully tested in a test. The effect is good.
In this paper the choosing principles of design parameters and multi-airfoils in horizontal axis wind turbine (HAWT) generator system aerodynamic design are introduced. On the basis of the comparison analysis of wind turbine aerodynamic design method Wilson and Schmitz, a HAWT optimized design method based on Schmitz is presented. In this Schmitz optimized method different aerodynamic losses are considered and 2 real physical parameters are used instead of induced factors of Wilson method. The design results show that HAWT optimized design method based on Schmitz makes good agreement with Wilson method. After chord length distribution is corrected due to practical reasons, a twist angle correction method is also presented based on the principle of maximum wind energy capture. Applying the methods improved in this paper, a 2 MW HAWT for doubly fed induction asynchronous generator (DFIAG) is designed in terms of aerodynamic aspect, taking blade structural strength into account. Applying Schmitz extending method, the partial load characters are calculated. The results show that designed HAWT partial load characters are in agreement with the results of GH Bladed software simulation.
The application background and practical requirement of virtual simulation system of tunnel boring machine has been discussed in this paper. Software MultiGen Creator and Vega are used to build the tunnel boring machine model. Application program of virtual simulation system base on virtual reality is developed by using C++, The author also studys on key technologies of constructing virtual simulation system of tunnel boring machine. The result shows that the work station can be simulated well, and this virtual simulation system can be extended in virtual training and manipulation--virtual construction and so on.
Smart antenna technology is a key technology adopted in TD-SCDMA communication system. There are two main functions of smart antenna, including DOA estimation and beamforming. It is usually difficult to implement the function of smart antenna directly in TD-SCDMA system simulation in OPNET, which is a network simulation tool suited for system level simulation. In this paper, two simulation methods by integrating OPNET with MATLAB are surveyed. Then the uplink and downlink beamforming processes of smart antenna in TD-SCDMA system are implemented during system level simulation with these two methods respectively. An example is also given to verify the function of smart antenna by implementing uplink and downlink beamforming in the system level simulation. Simulation results show the performance improvement caused by smart antenna in the whole system.
This paper introduces a differential transmit reference (DTR) ultra-wideband (UWB) receiver with four receiving antenna arrays for high data rate wireless endoscope applications for real-time transmission of high resolution images. The proposed architecture with an envelope detection scheme is presented and comprehensive system simulation results are used to analyze the receiver performance and derive the optimum specifications for a fully integrated CMOS implementation. System considerations for in-vivo applications including link budget analysis and safety issues also are introduced.
Advances in semiconductor technology have driven shared-memory servers toward processors with multiple cores per die and multiple threads per core. This paper presents simple hardware primitives enabling flexible and low-complexity multi-chip designs supporting an efficient inter-node coherence protocol implemented in software. We argue that our primitives and the example design presented in this paper have lower hardware overhead, have easier (and later) verification requirements, and provide the opportunity for flexible coherence protocols and simpler protocol bug corrections than traditional designs. Our evaluation is based on detailed full-system simulations of modern chip-multiprocessors and both commercial and HPC workloads. We compare a low-complexity system based on the proposed primitives with aggressive hardware multi-chip shared-memory systems and show that the performance is competitive across a large design space.
The work process simulation based on virtual reality technology is an essential realization of the practical work process on computer. According to the analysis of work principle and dynamical theory for pentagon impact compactor, the 3D models of pentagon impact compactor have been achieved using UGNX4.0. Meanwhile, depending on scene graph technology and engine technology, the virtual simulation of pentagon impact compactor also has been accomplished with the development tools of Open Inventor 4.0 and VC++6.0 . In additional, it has been achieved to the motional simulation of work process belonging to pentagon impact compactor and the interactive function realization.
With the rapid development of computer simulation technology, the Radar simulation applications scale up increasingly. More and more Radar simulation applications adopt distributed structure to improve system performance and availability. Hence, how to enhance the robustness and efficiency of these complex distributed simulation systems is a hot point. We should balance the load for the applications to enhance the resource&#x02019; s utility and increase the throughput. To overcome the problem, one effective way is to make use of load balancing. At the same time, load balancing middleware provides better scalability, response time and throughput. However, we must pay attention to the fact that the computing of the load should be adaptive and predicative to avoid the affection of the peak load. To the complex simulation applications, the peak means the system may suffer extremely high load for a short period while keeping stable load for a long time and some hosts of the system may be overloaded and the response time may be decreased for this kind of fluctuate. Therefore, to utilize the services effectively especially when the workloads fluctuate frequently, we should make the system react to the load fluctuate gradually and predictably. So we have proposed and implemented machine learning based load prediction and fuzzy logic based replica management for adaptive and flexible load balancing mechanism within the framework of distributed middleware.
This paper mainly introduces the improved classical spring-mass model, some satisfied spring parameters can be obtained with the data-driven strategy and computer assisted tomography technology, and if some external forces are added, we can get more realistic simulation results. Discussing the Euler algorithm, the midpoint algorithm, the Four-ord Runge-Kutta algorithm and adaptive Runge-Kutta algorithm, when they are under the same condition, it is found that each algorithm has its own characteristics, and the adaptive Runge-Kutta algorithm can make the cloth to achieve the system balance in a shorter time. This algorithm is accurate and effective, it is an ideal method to simulate flexible cloths, and it provides a new solution to realize the computer dynamic simulation of flexible cloths.
This paper describes a project undertaken to explore reconfigurable computing as a means to achieve high-throughput, low-power on-board computing for spacecraft. The solution consists of a reconfigurable data processor chip, a reconfigurable memory module, reconfigurable interconnect, and dynamic power management. The reconfigurable processor chip was fabricated in a 0.25&#x0B5; bulk CMOS process using a radiation-hard-by-design standard cell library. Two challenge algorithms were demonstrated in hardware, and a dozen others in software simulation. It was shown to achieve up to 3 giga- operations/second-watt. This architecture is well-suited to future generations of ultra-low-power, low-voltage processors and memories, as the extensibility offsets the loss in throughput due to low-voltage
Linear feedback shift registers (LFSR) are commonly utilized in digital communication system simulations as noise and data sources because they are easily implemented and require minimal resources. However, the LFSR exhibits a deficiency common to all multiplicative congruential pseudorandom number generators (PNG). This class of PNG exhibits a correlation between successive values that gives an undesired low-pass characteristic to the generated sequence. This characteristic can affect the simulation results when whiteness of the pseudorandom random sequence is assumed. Several techniques have been proposed to mitigate this deficiency. In this paper we demonstrate how one of these proposed techniques, multiple-bit skip-ahead, can be efficiently implemented in programmable gate array hardware (PGA) so that under specific conditions, the computational complexity and required hardware resources are minimal.
The sustained oscillation often appears in the induction motor (IM) systems with indirect field-oriented control (IFOC) and essentially caused by the unstable equilibrium points undergoing Hopf bifurcation. In order to stabilize these undesirable oscillations, a convenient time-delayed state feedback method is presented and its accomplishing process is indicated for a tested IM system in detail. It is clarified how to stabilize the unstable equilibrium points by selecting suitable feedback gain and time delay of the time-delayed feedback controller, and the analytical results are validated using time-domain system simulation.
Due to the recent expansion of renewable energy applications, wind energy conversion is receiving much interest all over the world. However, output fluctuations of wind generators cause network frequency variations in power systems. This can decrease the power quality and then cause a restriction of wind farm installation, especially in an isolated network, for example, electrical power system in a small island. Therefore the problem of output fluctuation needs to be solved for expanding further the wind energy conversion. This paper presents a new application of fuzzy logic controller (FLC) to an isolated network with a high penetration no storage wind diesel (HPNSWD) system for improving the network frequency quality. The validity of the proposed controller is evaluated by computer simulation analysis using Matlab/Simulink. The effectiveness of the fuzzy logic controller is then compared with that of a PID controller.
With the ever-expanding capabilities of electromagnetic simulators, the goal of simulating large microwave systems has been reached today. A wide variety of different numerical schemes is available for the various types of components and applications. Moreover, network models of components may be automatically generated for further use in system simulation. Various techniques exist to accelerate simulations. In order to extend the simulation to entire systems, a problem is often divided into a number of smaller subsystems or components. This technique is called Domain-Decomposition and is used to exploit large computing clusters. Besides new solver technologies for very large systems, increased accuracy with simultaneous decrease in computation effort always remains a key issue. A completely new regime of usage for EM simulators is opened by introducing a new technology for one-step sensitivity analysis. The sensitivity of the functionality may be analyzed vs. mechanical tolerances or material property changes in a single computation. With all these new developments, the final goal of using simulators as synthesis tools is in much closer reach.
In this paper, we have researched the data communication on the wireless computing platform Sun SPOT (Sun Small Programmable Object Technology). First of all, Sun SPOT will be introduced, and we mainly focus on explaining its Java virtual machine architecture and its virtual simulation platform Solarium which can be used to simulate the real Sun SPOT for running the programs; Second, we design a real communication mode on the Sun SPOTs to research the communication protocol IEEE 802.15.4 adopted on the Sun SPOT. We discuss the main process of the data communication on the SPOT and give the design idea and the code to further explain it. At last, through comparing the data we get in the simulate and real experiment, we can draw a conclusion that the data communication on the Sun SPOT is efficient and applicable.
Computer simulation is a kind of experiment technology by utilizing the computer software to simulate real world. With the development of computer hardware and software and virtual reality technology, computer simulation is widely used in the manufacturing industry. In this paper the principle and the algorithm of solid modeling by virtual simulation machining are introduced. Taking the gear and the worm as examples, we describe some key technologies of virtual machining modeling, including design of the user interface, construction of the tool and the blank models and the process of virtual machining. All examples are implemented in the environment of ObjectARX language and Visual LISP language for AutoCAD secondary development. Finally some advantages and disadvantages of virtual machining modeling by these two kinds of development languages are analyzed. Some suggestions are put forward in order to create accurate 3D solid models.
In this paper, an underwater acoustic warfare simulation system (UAWSS) by using the technique of system simulation, network communication, computer simulation and virtual reality is discussed. The acoustic, tactic, technique performance and campaign process of acoustic warfare participator were researched in UAWSS. The key technologies of UAWSS and the main mathematic models were given. It&#x02019;s most remarkable characteristic is that the model is built on the depth of the acoustic signal. It can be used in the underwater acoustic countermeasure system for developing, testing, evaluating and improving. It also has a certain practical significance for the underwater warfare system (UWS) to do simulation exercises.
Failure probability calculation is the scientific basis for the quantitative analysis of large dam risk and thus, probing the method of calculating large dams&#x02019; failure probability is of considerable scientific significance and is urgently required by engineering application. While risk evaluation is required for individual large dams, no country can afford the failure calamity test on actual large dams in view of the vast investment in the large dam construction, and it is only possible to reveal the mechanism of the failure by means of computer simulation of process of failure occurrence, on the basis of both indoor model experiment and large-dam operation monitoring data. At present, in the field of large dam engineering, JC method and Monte Carlo method are generally recommended for the quantitative calculation of the failure probability. Due to the complexity of large dams&#x02019; structure and their boundary conditions, the randomicity of the load and resistance force and the fact that there exists no analytic expression between the output and input quantities but the usual implicit function, the calculating of large dam&#x02019;s failure probability by means of JC method or Monte Carlo method cannot do without computer numerical simulation to some extent. A tentative approach is made in making use of computer simulation technique to generate the random number of random variables of both the load and the resistance force, to establish the state function of the failure modes and to conduct independent transformation of relevant random variables. Based on the computer simulation results, the failure probability of a large dam is calculated out by means of JC method and Monte Carlo method respectively.
The stable control of dissolved oxygen in biological wastewater treatment system is a typical large inertia, the longer lag time and a certain degree of uncertainty in the system. This paper analyzes the process of CAST wastewater treatment technology and establishes a model of dissolved oxygen control. The article analyses the underlying causes in instable control system by step response curve of conventional PID closed-loop system, and gives the design method of experts fuzzy control system. The article also gives the control system simulations under the step signal and the interference signal, and gives the robustness of the system simulation testing. Experts fuzzy control system in biological wastewater treatment has obvious advantages.
The application background and practical requirement of virtual assembly system of tunnel boring machine has been discussed in this paper. Software PROE is used to build the tunnel boring machine model. Application program of virtual assembly system base on virtual reality is developed by using Division, The author also studys on key technologies of constructing virtual assembly system of tunnel boring machine, such as interference detection in virtual environment. The result shows that the work station can be simulated well, and this virtual simulation system can be extended in virtual training and manipulation, virtual construction and so on.
This paper, beginning with studying the characteristics of the war from a complex system, in accordance with object-oriented thinking and Agent-based modeling, respectively, from the basic model and the model OOAgent building process, as well as the entities, events, behavior, interaction and organization of system simulation model of combat E2BIO two aspects, researched on modeling method based on OOAgent war simulation models of complex systems architecture. Contribute to further thinking and object-oriented modeling Agent-based simulation system modeling research. As well as warfare Modeling and Simulation of complex systems is provided a certain amount of modeling methods and models to build a reference system.
According to the needs required by experimental teaching, the serial communication interface of the course &#x0201C;computer organization principle&#x0201D; is analyzed and designed combining with the characters of this course in the paper. Based upon the Tec-xp test box designed by Tsinghua University Computer Factory, Microsoft Visual C++ 6.0 is adopted as the soft development platform. Thinking from the system needs analysis, object-oriented simulation mode is adopted for modeling in this environment. Meanwhile combining with the function characteristic of computer system, the basic theory and methods of discrete event system simulation is applied, which makes the operation is just as the same as on the real equipment. The implementation of the virtual experiment validates the functions of the serial communication interface chip Inter8251, that provides the students a free experiment environment, which also has a good opening-up, generality and practical values.
Real-time simulation is an important issue in the design of power electronic systems, especially in the context of hardware-in-loop (HIL) simulation. This paper is concerned with the development of a real-time simulation environment that is low-cost and can be easily set up in an educational laboratory. Any real-time simulation environment needs three essential components: a mechanism to accept a description of the system to be simulated, a digital hardware platform to carry out the simulation, and real-time software to manage the simulation. This paper addresses these three issues from the viewpoint of an educational laboratory setup. Real-time simulation has typically been carried out on complex and specialized multiprocessor systems, running dedicated real-time software. However, the current availability of low-cost, high-speed multi-core digital processor systems has made it possible to use standard computing hardware for this purpose. This has been aided further by the availability of real-time operating systems with multi-core execution capability. This paper discusses the issues involved in setting up a real-time simulator based on multi-core processors, and presents the details of an educational laboratory setup. As an example, the paper shows the simulation of an induction motor drive system. Experimental plots are presented. A timing analysis of the simulation is also presented, along with timing accuracy measurements.
This paper presents analysis and design of a high power factor AC/DC converter with an active ripple filter by using supercapacitors as energy storage. In the normal operating mode, the AC/DC converter feeds power to load and charges supercapacitors. The supercapacitors are charged from the output of the AC/DC converter through a bidirectional DC/DC converter. If supercapacitors voltage is between 70 to 90 percent of its rated value, the bidirectional DC/DC converter is controlled as an active ripple filter for reducing ripple voltage at the output end of the AC/DC converter. In case of an ac line is interrupted, the stored energy in the supercapacitors is fed to load. The later operating mode is called the backup operating mode. In this paper the proposed system is investigated by software simulation. The results from MATLAB/Simulink show the proposed system offer a fast transient response in output voltage control and a lower ripple voltage at the output end of the AC/DC converter.
The development of a system simulation platform for Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) radar working at 77 GHz is presented. The simulation platform allows us to test different radar architectures, modulation formats and detection algorithms as well as to simulate different scenarios, which improves the decision-making before and during the hardware development.
This paper presents a novel hardware-assisted virtualization approach for network interface card (NIC) so as to enable direct network access by guest operating system (GOS) in virtual machine monitor (VMM). With the conventional I/O virtualization method, VMM provides a simulation software interface for GOS usage and traps the access instruction when the GOS attempts to use the virtual device. We successfully designed the dual NICs arbitration mechanism and bypassed the interference of Qemu/dm. This approach improves host and guest operating systems networking performance by perceiving the real hardware interrupt and accessing the real hardware address space. Some of the bottlenecks by software simulation can be eliminated without more privilege levels transformation or intricate drives. The throughput and CPU utilization in experiment results demonstrate the high performance of direct access with minimal VMM involvement.
Image quality and dose reduction are fields of continuous research and development in Clinical Computed Tomography. This requires screening new approaches such as innovative detector technologies, spectral filtering, data compression or novel CT algorithms. Resulting image quality properties like sharpness, image noise, homogeneity and image artifacts need to be assessed and compared to state-of-the-art solutions. We present a chain of spectral simulation tools covering full CT-systems with X-ray source, filtering, patient or phantom interaction, energy integrating or quantum counting detectors, data processing and CT image reconstruction. Modelling of the relevant physics processes is described in detail for each of the stages involved. We present CT images from simulated scans. A quantitative analysis shows excellent agreement with data from a real CT scanner. Finally, we outline a technology comparison study as typical application example of the presented simulation tools.
The high performance fighter aircraft achieves a high angle of attack (up to 90&#x00B0;) and superb maneuverability because of the presence of leading edge flaps. In this paper we make an attempt to achieve reconfigurable control of this high performance fighter aircraft during auto-landing[1], using Extended Minimal Resource Allocating Network (EMRAN) augmented controller [2] with additional faults and validate the same through software simulation using MATLAB<sup>&#x00AE;</sup> Simulink<sup>&#x00AE;</sup> and also hardware implementation of the controller on a target Digital Signal Processor (DSP) using Hardware-in-the-loop simulation technique. A high fidelity aircraft model [1] with seven control surfaces, including leading edge flaps (LEF) in comparison to the low fidelity model that employs only five control surfaces is employed in the simulation as well as hardware implementation. Also while reconfiguring the aircraft model will be made dynamic where in multiple faults can occur at different instances.
A system of 1-phase semi-converter fed battery charging circuit meant for being supplied from a self-excited induction generator is analysed with Extinction Angle Control (EAC) scheme. Several modes of operation of this scheme with continuous as well as discontinuous load current have been identified and the input and output voltage and current wave forms for each one of them have been depicted. Starting from the circuit equations, all these modes have been studied and expressions for the various performance quantities have been derived. Further, software simulation of all these cases have been carried out and the simulated waveforms are found to coincide with those calculated from the derived expressions, thereby validating the analysis of the various modes of operation of the converter-battery charging system. Experimental verifications have also been provided.
A system simulation for a high input-referred second-order intercept point (IIP2) in active mixer of direct-down-conversion (DCR) with adaptive filter calibration is proposed. According to the simulation results of Simulink, by adopting the RLS filter calibration, a DCR mixer working under GSM 900 can achieve an IIP2 enhancement from 53dBm to over 70dBm within 0.3ms. The comparisons between RLS and LMS adaptive filters utilized in DCR active mixer are also presented.
This paper describes a synthesis design from the MATLAB model into VHDL of a digital interpolation filter algorithm, used in a &#x0394;-&#x03A3; Digital-to-Analog converter (DAC), intended for Professional digital audio system. The whole filter system simulation, VHDL implementation and Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) verification are processing. The Register Transfer Level (RTL) simulation result show an achieving a high resolution of a 22.5-bit at a switching rate of 8.192 MHz and a small area less than 50%of the total chip. Timing analysis indicates any violation of temporal constraints and the worst-case maximum clock speed of the design can attain a 500 MHz.
System-level estimation of speed and energy performance is a key step in design space exploration of low-energy and high-performance VLSI systems. While low-level simulation-based analysis can be too time-consuming to obtain performance elements, system-level models that can quickly and accurately estimate these elements are very valuable. In this work, models for energy performance estimation of computing platforms are proposed. The proposed energy performance models are inspired by Amdahl's law. The models consider platform models based on the support of power gating. Analytical results show that the upper-bound of energy performance, according to the application profile is the ??resolute?? (that cannot be enhanced) segment of the (embedded) software application. This is a similar concern to the one seen for ??net acceleration?? (the speed performance) being bounded by the ??sequential?? segment, according to Amdahl's law. Experimental results demonstrate that large improvements in energy performance may be obtained using power gating for both data and control dominated classes of applications (2 and 12 folds respectively). The results also demonstrate an average error of 22%between the proposed system-level models and true experimental results for three classes of applications.
The SIAM Medea+ project is developing circuits for 100Gbit/s optical communications for use in the next generation Ethernet backbone network. One promising bandwidth-efficient technology is sub-carrier multiplexing (SCM) where quadrature modulated (QAM) signals on different carrier frequencies are combined and subsequently encoded onto an optical carrier. This transceiver approach capitalizes on the increasing speed of silicon technology to perform more of the signal processing in the electrical domain before converting to light. An advanced 65nm CMOS process on HR-SOI substrate will be evaluated for use in implementing the electrical SCM transmitter and receiver suitable for 100Gbit/s transmission. The authors will present the development of a SCM transceiver link model within AWR's Virtual System Simulation (VSS) environment. This model allows the influence of component performance in the electrical domain, particularly non-linearity and noise, to be assessed with respect to the SCM link performance requirements. The design of critical component building blocks in the 65nm CMOS SOI process such as IQ modulators, power combiners and LNAs for the SCM transceiver will be presented. The performance of these components is then assessed in the system simulation environment to investigate the capabilities of CMOS for next generation optical networking with the SCM architecture.
A single-phase five level pulse width modulation (PWM) rectifier is proposed. The control scheme is using the sinusoidal PWM technique to improve the power factor and to achieve a lower total harmonic distortion (THD) for the proposed rectifier. The control method is also aimed to obtain a nearly sinusoidal line current. Five-level PWM output is generated at the ac terminal. The proposed topology is verified by a software simulation.
The paper details a successful of a remote laboratory and Internet based teaching of PWM techniques for three-phase voltage source converters. The first stage of exercises is based on developed Java applets for interactive simulation of carrier based PWM (CB-PWM) and space vector based modulation (SVM) techniques. The physical experiment is based on a three-phase IGBT bridge converter with DSP control and modulation. Signal measurements and processing are implemented in LabView environment. The master control and experiment Web pages are governed by Moodle course management system, which provides access restrictions by means of a booking system. The presented PWM module is a part of power electronics and drives course developed within the project EDIPE supported by European Commission - Leonardo da Vinci II Programme.
This study introduces to usage of an up-to-date software platform named .NET for the web-based learning models directed to education of a more special area that includes electrical machines courses in where dynamic and interactive simulations are also included. Users can perform several didactic educational activities by means of these dynamic simulations. To illustrate the system, an interactive dc motor simulation is given in the paper. Mathematical model of the motor is solved in the .NET framework using C# language. Parameters of the model can easily be modified via the dynamic web pages designed for the interactive simulation and then the system response is also observed graphically at the same time against the modifications. Thus, the system presented in this study accelerates the learning period with its instructional and dynamic structure.
This paper presents the design and implementation of a distance e-learning course on design and control of photovoltaic plants. Simulation software and remote lab services are used in the development of the course. Three basic educational aspects related to the structure of this e-learning course are described: technological platform, contents and services. The obtained academic results are analyzed establishing the benefits and future developments.
Grid-connected voltage source converters using an LCL filter offer reduced harmonics in the grid current. The system modeling results in a multivariable system with cross coupling. Additionally, the system contains three state-variables instead of the one occurring in the case of grid connection using only one inductance. All the three variables must be measured or estimated. Also, the LCL filter has a resonant frequency that can cause unstable behavior. This variable resonant frequency is usually considered using a damping resistor or active damping. The main purpose of the paper is to present a methodology to design a current controller based on the concept of a controller in the complex domain. The complex controller is obtained using the pole placement method and it uses a state observer in order to only measure the grid current as state variable. The simulation results presented clearly demonstrate the validity of the design approach.
Given article describes the motivation for use of commercial off the shelf (COTS) components for the development of critical control applications in the aerospace industry. A V-cycle model based development is introduced and its advantages and development practices that leads from design of a MATLAB/Simulink models into a real target application are depicted. Attention is also paid on FAA/EASA certification authorities requirements with respect to a certification process of any newly developed aviation equipment. These practices are being used during the development of a complex power-plant control system for a small civil aircraft, whose functionality and individual subparts are also described. Model based development of the complex power-plant control system is described and simulation results are given.
This paper presents a low cost, easy to use digital simulator for a proton exchange membrane fuel-cell (PEMFC) stack by means of a power source controlled by LabVIEW. The simulator easily allows to implement different models and simultaneously permits to study different FC types. The FC stack is represented with a circuital model that considers the capacitive effects of the electrodes and the internal thermodynamic characteristics. Experimental results are contrasted with the data model from a Relion SR-12 500-W PEM FC stack.
This paper proposes a hybrid offshore wind and tidal energy conversion system. In this study, dynamic model and control schemes of this hybrid system are presented. Gearless generators are designed to achieve direct-drive application. A Permanent Magnet Synchronous Generator (PMSG) model is established in the dq-synchronous rotating frame, and Maximum Power Point Tracking (MPPT) is realized through controlling the speed of the generators using PWM controlled rectifiers. In order to verify the presented control strategy and to study the interaction between wind and tidal energy conversion systems, MATLAB/Simulink<sup>??</sup> simulations have been conducted. The results prove the potential feasibility of the proposed system topology.
High wind penetration Wind Diesel Hybrid Systems (WDHS) have three operation modes: Diesel Only (DO), Wind Diesel (WD) and Wind Only (WO). The WDHS presented in this article consists of a Diesel Engine (DE), a Synchronous Machine (SM), a Wind Turbine Generator, the consumer Load, a Ni-Cd Battery based Energy Storage System (BESS) and a Dump Load. The DE can be engaged (DO and WD modes) or disengaged (WO mode) from the SM by means of a clutch. All the models of the previously mentioned components are presented and the performance of the WDHS has been tested through simulation using the MATLAB-Simulink environment. Simulation results with graphs for the frequency, voltage and active powers for the elements of the Isolated Power System are presented for wind speed changes in WO mode and for the transition from WO to WD mode.
Over the years, as our knowledge of the interrupting process progressed, many techniques have been developed to test the circuit breakers and simulated arc models. To develop a realistic arc model, it is necessary to adopt the micro modeling approach, where a model is based on the physical processes constituting the phenomena. The model should consist of mathematical equations formulated from considerations of these processes so that the model performance is likely to be more accurate over a wide range of operating conditions. There are three models (Physical Model, Black Box Model and Parameter Model) that describe the behavior of arc. The task for this paper work on Black Box models and evaluate different arc models in compared with KEMA [as a reference] arc model for circuit-breakers with the purpose of finding the best parameters for the breaking ability. For this purpose 6 main generic arc models (Cassie, Habedank, Mayr, Modified Mayr, Schavemaker, and Schwarz) has been presented and GA algorithm is used to minimize differences between two conductances (g<sub>KEMA</sub> g<sub>TESTMODEL</sub>) , as long as the best fitness and parameters was achieved.
Power systems are high order nonlinear large-scale systems with randomly changing operating conditions. Due to that an appropriate model order reduction technique is a must in power system analysis. Most of the existing methods are suitable only for linear systems. The main problem is that linearized models of power systems could be non-minimum phase, unstable or improper. Therefore, not all model order reduction techniques could be used for power systems. In this paper, Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) method is used for model reduction of power systems. The main advantage of the developed method in this paper is that it is applicable for all systems and not restricted to only stable or strictly proper systems. Therefore, it is most suitable for power systems. Simulation results show the effectiveness of the proposed method.
In order to investigate the transient response of doubly fed induction generator (DFIG) under grid disturbances, an accurate model is required. This paper uses available DFIG models and investigates the influence of various model parameters and simplifications for both mechanical (two-mass model) and electrical (saturation) subsystems on DFIG based wind plant transient response. Then, the factors that affect stator over current due to voltage sag are investigated using complete model.
This paper discusses transient stability enhancement using Fault Current Limiter (FCL) and Thyristor Controlled Braking Resistor (TCBR). In the case of a severe fault occurrence in a power system, FCL is used for fault current limiting, transient stability enhancement and reduction of torsional oscillations, and TCBR is used for fast control of generator disturbances. The effect of these two instruments discussed together in a single machine power system, connected to the infinite bus with applying a three phase symmetrical fault. The simulation results show the improvement of transient stability of the power system by using both devices.
In this paper, system simulation for future 3GPP R8 Long Term Evolution (LTE) radio access channel in indoor environment is presented. 3D ray tracing algorithms have been developed in order to analyze coverage-capacity considerations regarding high order modulation schemes present in LTE. The results aid in modeling the behavior of high speed data services in future 4G systems in indoor environments.
In this paper, system simulation for indoor meshed ZigBee networks is presented. The behavior of the radio channel is evaluated by means of 3D ray tracing algorithms that have been developed in order to analyze interference in a scenario of coexistence of two ZigBee meshed networks which are adjacent one to the other by electromagnetic transparent wall conditions. As a result, coverage plots, EVM values and SNR relations are obtained in the simulation space. The result aid in modeling the behavior ZigBee systems in indoor environments, as well as in adequate planning of large sensor networks based on ZigBee.
Several choices have to be made during the design process of active tag based systems. Since the number of properties that must be decided before production and wide-scale deployment is relatively high, the use of real experiments in the design phase may be prohibitive. We propose the use of emulation for performing large-scale experiments with active tag based systems easily and in a repeatable manner. Such experiments can be used to validate the behavior of the system, and to decide the values for various system parameters. We illustrate this approach by experimental results obtained with an emulation framework that we designed and implemented for a pedestrian localization active tag based system.
The development of embedded systems requires the development of increasingly complex software and hardware platforms. Full system simulation makes it possible to run the exact binary embedded software including the operating system on a totally simulated hardware platform. Whereas most simulation environments do not support full system simulation, or do not use any hardware modeling techniques, or have combined different types of technology, SimSoC is developing a full system simulation architecture with an integrated approach relying only upon SystemC hardware modeling and transaction level modeling abstractions (TLM) for communications. To simulate processors at reasonably high speed, SimSoC integrates instruction set simulators (ISS) as SystemC modules with TLM interfaces to the other platform components. The ISS's use a variant approach of dynamic translation to run binary code. The paper describes the overall architecture of the SimSoC full system simulator, a description of the ISS implementation and integration with some other components. A final section reports results obtained, in particular simulation of an existing System On Chip that can run the Linux operating system.
This paper describes the load flow simulation studies of the Western grid of Bangladesh Power System using PSAT, a free and open-source software and compares the results with those from PowerWorld, a well-accepted and commercial software. The studied power system contains 41 buses and 82 interconnecting lines. To ground the basis of comparison, both of the applications were run in the same simulation environment with identical input data. For this system, an average difference of 1.7525%between the bus voltage magnitudes calculated by the two software packages was found and PowerWorld was 6.4 times faster than PSAT to complete the simulation.
This paper introduces an interactive game environment for the use in home entertainment systems. It is based on a software framework that was originally developed for scientific, dynamical simulation of autonomous robots. The paper describes the overall concept, some of the used technologies and implementation details.
The impact of short-term ocean variability on acoustic transmission loss (TL) is examined in the nature run of an observation system simulation experiment (OSSE) centered on the Okinawa Trough in the western North Pacific. Range-dependent examinations of TL in the upper ocean show the impact of variability as it modifies the sonic layer depth and thickness of the surface duct. Short term variations in the marine environment are shown to have potentially significant impact on acoustic propagation, particularly for applications using active sonar. We examine case studies highlighting the effects of three types of phenomena: diurnal warming, typhoon-induced mixing, diurnal warming, and internal waves. These phenomena were identified as important in the OSSE study area during an extensive Navy data collection effort during the summer and fall of 2007. Publically available observations are used to evaluate the fidelity of the nature run, which then serves as the standard for both range-dependent TL computations and comparisons of ocean prediction alternatives. Some of the alternatives do not represent short-term ocean variability. Thus the case studies reveal the types of errors that arise when acoustic calculations fail to account for a sufficient spectrum of environmental influences. TL differences in the variable environments demonstrate acoustic prediction benefits provided by increasingly capable Navy ocean models.
In this paper, we present an interactive simulation of a Metal-Oxide-Semiconductor structure, based on a qualitative approach. The code is written in ActionScript / Flash to enjoy all the benefits of this technology in the multimedia field. In addition, our simulation combines theoretical and practical concepts on the same graphical interface: it shows the impact of physical and electrical parameters on the behavior of a MOS structure or a transistor TMOS. Moreover, it provides the physical reasons of the parameters influence that can serve to evaluate the relevance of approximations commonly used. This simulation is applied in engineering education.
This paper presents the first published industrial practice (to the best of our knowledge) to reuse high-level/C++ system simulation model through OSCI TLM 2.0 Library to verify its corresponding RTL implementation in FPGA. ESL verification methodology is employed in the design regression of EPC C1Gen2 RFID tag. Around 200 times speedup is observed using ESL over conventional RTL simulation in regression runs (after logic bug fixes). This clearly shows ESL verification is a successful candidate to reuse high-level test harness for IC functional verification, especially in today's increasingly complex IC design world. On top of the successful use of the ESL functional verification flow on the design, we also show the infrastructure to use SystemC Verification Library (SCV) for formal verification. The functional and formal verification combined is thus the proposed ESL verification methodology.
The use of distributed energy resources is increasingly being pursued as a supplement and alternative to larger conventional central power stations. Nowadays solar energy becomes an important alternative source of energy since it is highly reliable and has no environmental impact. Photovoltaic (PV) technology converts the solar or light energy into electrical energy and has no moving parts, no consumption of conventional fossil fuels and lasting for many years with very little maintenance. This paper described the design process of a thin film double junction photovoltaic Cell. Multi junction solar cell has the advantage to use the different wavelength in converting to electric energy. In this case, short circuit current increases dramatically. Here the designed double junction cell has the short circuit current density, J<inf>sc</inf> is 46.1mA/cm<sup>2</sup> and the performance of the cell is simulated via PC1D software and the efficiency of the solar cell is 28.6%found.
The modeling of wind power plants incorporating synchronous generator and full-converters for using in power system simulations is presented in this paper. In other words, all components of the above-mentioned power plant using typical values as well as their corresponding control systems are in details modeled and also simulated. The control strategy of the variable-speed wind turbine is the maximum power point tracking strategy which guarantees gathering the maximum possible wind energy under normal operation of power plant. In order to model Synchronous Generator (SG), the space-phasor coordinates with orthogonal direct (d) and quadrature (q) axes are used. The generator is controlled using two back-to-back converters with current vector control method. Having these full-controlled converters and pitch control system, the electric grid requirements can be satisfied by controlling active and reactive power at the point of common coupling. Unlike old wind power plants, this ability aids the power system to be more stable. Finally, simulation results are compared with data measured at a 20-MW wind park with the same topology in Germany. The proper coincidence between simulations and measured data proves the validity of the proposed model to be used in power system simulations, especially transient simulations.
In radar system simulation, the reliability of simulation results depends not only on radar and target models, but also on RF (radio frequency) environment models, including clutter, multipath and diffraction. In radar function simulation, all of these factors are treated as a single pattern-propagation factor and can only give limited information for radar models. In signal-level simulation, radar models require that simulated echoes should include information such as delay, phase shift, doppler frequency, polarization, etc. By discussing and analyzing the principles and algorithms of RF environment effects of ground, a ground RF environment model is proposed, which can provide a reliable RF environment for signal-level simulation of radar systems. A simulation example involving clutter model is carried out and analyzed.
A testbed for evaluation of online distributed simulations of transportation system infrastructures is described that includes a modest portion of an urban road network in the midtown region of Atlanta, Georgia. The testbed includes sensors, servers, wireless communications, and mobile transportation simulations configured to model the testbed region. The system architecture for this testbed is described. Results of experiments evaluating wireless communication performance are presented. An implementation of an online traffic simulation based on a commercial simulator was developed, and results comparing the system's predictive accuracy with observed travel times through the simulated region are presented to illustrate a typical use of the testbed and to identify certain requirements for achieving reliable travel time predictions using online simulations.
This panel seeks to initiate a discussion within the production system simulation community about a fundamental change in the way we think about, teach, and implement production system simulation. Today, production system simulation, while based on formal simulation languages, is largely an artistic process. We teach production system simulation as a studio course, i.e., students learn an esthetic for production system simulation, learn by example, and their progress is evaluated through studies in which they create simulations. We are not surprised, in fact fully expect that two simulationists will create possibly quite different simulations of the same production system, even using the same language.
Public rail transport systems concern infrastructure and control strategies with long life spans. While many rail system simulations aim at planning and design, this paper proposes a dynamic data-driven approach to improve the adaptability of the model, hence promoting an extended use of the simulation model. In the proposed approach, the simulation study uses real data streams for automatic model calibration at run-time. For situations that cannot be automated, expert interference can be supported by interactive processes. Different model calibration schemes can be applied to several replications simultaneously to assess the schemes and to determine the parameter values that best match the most recent situation. The model can be fed with data derived from different scenarios, from decision variations or from real-time measurements to accomplish accurate and automated model calibration. This provides a foundation for the use of simulation for railway controller training tools and real-time rail monitoring systems.
Situational simulations are dynamic, interactive, context-sensitive, adaptive environments. They further construction research by providing an interactive simulation platform that can be used to explore what-if construction scenarios and to estimate risks and contingencies. This paper extends current research to study the evolution of dynamic uncertainty in construction management projects using situational simulations as experimental testbeds. An experimental framework is proposed to explore alternative outcomes of a particular decision strategy, and also investigate the impact of alternative decision strategies under similar project scenarios. A set of preliminary experiments were conducted to illustrate the proposed framework. The significance of this research is in enhancing and informing the deliberative process during the planning and pre-planning stages of a construction project and supporting the preparation of contingency plans of action in anticipation of varying levels of project risk and uncertainty.
The 3D simulation of moisture ingress into a photovoltaic module was performed in FlexPDE, employing a finite element approach with restriction to bulk Fickian diffusion to determine the Time-To-Saturation (TTS) for moisture for a given module construction and steady state environmental conditions. The TTS, characteristics of the module and environmental conditions were used to fit the normalized efficiency results obtained from accelerated and outdoor testing using JMP<sup>??</sup> statistical software. The fit was well behaved and statistically significant parametric relationships were obtained. These relationships were then used to predict the normalized efficiency over time for various module constructions and environmental exposures. This unique approach has the potential to significantly reduce the time and effort for reliability determination of new photovoltaic module designs.
An efficient SAR raw signal simulator accounting for antenna attitude variations is presented here, based on the 2-demensional Fourier domain formulation of SAR raw signal in presence of antenna beam pointing errors. It can meet the requirements of InSAR system simulation to deal with the extended scenes. The validity limit is analyzed to show that this algorithm is suit for the simulation of practical systems.
Adequate sensitivity of weather radars using low-powered solid-state transmitter is achieved by using pulse compression waveforms. However, pulse compression waveforms have drawbacks of blind zone and range side lobes. In this paper, we present a methodology to address the major challenges in designing the waveforms for an X-band dual polarization Doppler radar operating with a solid-state transmitter. Here, frequency diversity wideband waveforms are proposed to mitigate low sensitivity of solid-state transmitters and the range eclipsing problem associated with pulse compression. An analysis of the performance of pulse compression using mismatched compression filters is reported. The performance of the proposed system is also quantified using signal and system simulations.
This paper deals with modeling of new optical non-conventional imaging with laser systems. In this paper, we present the simulation of the 3D ladar sensor including physics based modeling of laser backscattering from complex rough targets, reflectance modeling of porous occluders, development of 3D scenes and reconstruction algorithms for identification. We shall focus on tomography algorithms for reconstructing optical three-dimensional scenes.
As the primary traffic tool in coalmine, electric locomotive plays an important role to improve efficiency. On the basis of the analysis of several adjust speed control methods, direct torque control is adopted to adjust speed control of mine electric locomotive. The theoretic study has been deeply discussed on variable-frequency adjustable-speed system of asynchronous motor. Moreover, adjust speed system simulation model is established. The results of simulation show that the model has faster torque response and favorable high-speed performance. Based on the theoretic study and simulation result, an experiment system platform is implemented. The experiment testified that the system is suitable to fulfill responsibility of mine electric locomotive traction.
This paper considers the problem of traffic engineering in multi domain optical networks. System simulations are performed to calculate the blocking probability of the network. The underlying theoretical model is given in support of system simulations. The paper suggests the optimum value of resources to reduce the blocking probability of the network with cost effectiveness. The methodology of the paper can be used for different kind of topologies for traffic engineering. The paper also gives the optimal value of wavelengths for different kind of traffic pattern for a network.
A zone based systems design framework is described and utilized in the implementation of a message authentication code (MAC) algorithm based on symmetric key block ciphers. The resulting block cipher based MAC algorithm may be used to provide assurance of the authenticity and, hence, the integrity of binary data. Using software simulation to benchmark against the de facto cipher block chaining MAC(CBC-MAC) variant used in the TinySec security protocol for wireless sensor networks and the NIST cipher block chaining MAC standard, CMAC; we show that our zone based systems design framework can lead to block cipher based MAC constructs that point to improvements in message processing efficiency, processing throughput and processing latency.
New generation multimedia applications over broadband wireless networks like WiMAX<sup>1</sup> consume relatively large amount of battery power. Most of the studies in this field have been focused either on the power conservation or the video quality evaluation aspect of WiMAX based on early stage simulations. However, Network emulation studies are preferred during design phase to guide product designs. To the best of our knowledge no emulator has been reported that evaluates power saving algorithm's impact on perceptual quality of video over WiMAX. In this paper we describe WEBS, a novel WiMAX network emulation testbed based on the well accepted Qualnet simulator to benchmark quality of streaming video along with its impact on energy conservation mechanism in WiMAX. In particular we observe in our emulation that irrespective of the motion content in the video, the WiMAX subscriber device spends around 45 to 55%time in sleep mode during the video streaming period for our simulation parameters. The perceptual distortion in case of videos having greater motion component is around three times greater than those having lower motion components for the same coding bit rate. We also find that for moderate motion content videos, the perceptual distortion when operated with the power saving mode enabled is almost equal to that when operated without it. Thus our results show that for low and moderate motion content videos, by enabling power saving on the WiMAX device, battery life time can be extended by approximately 50%without having to reduce video quality.
This paper describes the current state in the development of a computational steering framework that couples a visualisation front-end and an analysis back-end running independently of each other for interactive simulations from various fields of engineering and science. The objective of our software development is the realisation of a &#x201C;Human-in-the-Loop&#x201D; scenario that supports comprehension and intuition when exploring modelled complex natural systems. The special focus of this framework is on an improved communication concept for intensive data exchange between simulation and visualisation. The framework includes an object-oriented pde-solution kernel based on the Finite Element Method, a high-performance 3D graphics user interface and a coupling platform.
This paper presents the kinematic analysis of a hexapod climbing robot relying on the use of dry adhesion. Kinematics equations are validated in both multi-body software simulation and robotic platform test. A particular trajectory of the legs, conceived to minimize force required to detach the robotic feet from a vertical wall, is proposed and tested. Further study is performed based on data acquired by forces exerted on the tip of each robotic leg during locomotion. Experimental results proved the correctness of kinematic analysis and its potential use for optimizing gait and adhesion features during wall climbing.
Fast and efficient algorithms are paramount in any real-time multimodal interactive simulation involving soft deformable objects. To achieve real time computational rates, it is expedient to adaptively refine the simulation mesh in the vicinity of the interaction region instead of using a uniformly refined mesh. While appealing, such an approach is difficult to implement as the system of linear algebraic equations changes during the course of the simulation as the interaction region is dynamically updated. A direct solution approach for the discretized system of equations is, of course, computationally expensive hence iterative approaches must be pursued. In this paper, we present a novel two-grid computational methodology that uses pre-computed solution on a coarse grid representation of the geometry and a prolongation operator that transfers the coarse grid solution to a locally refined fine grid to generate the initial guess for a Gauss-Seidel type iterative solver. A local relaxation approach is then introduced that preferentially relaxes the local and global residuals and vastly improves computational efficiency, especially with increasing number of degrees of freedom of the mesh. Example problems demonstrate the effectiveness of the method.
The use of surgical simulators with virtual reality allows surgeons to practice diverse types of procedures for minimizing any risk on patients during the real surgery. This paper describes a prototype for a Minimal Invasive Surgery (MIS) simulator with haptic feedback applied to an endoscopic endonasal surgery. The research is divided in three parts: the simulation of a rigid endoscope device with four degrees of freedom (pitch, yaw, roll and dolly), a simplified model of the nasal tissue for fast haptic rendering and the integration with a virtual reality simulation system with collision detection. The main contribution of the paper is the rigid endoscope model using a simple lever acting as a force transformer pivoting in the nostril. The obtained results show a suitable response of the system for an interactive simulation.
Radiation tolerance can be achieved by triplicating all the circuits and using majority voting, triple module redundancy (TMR), to remove faults caused by radiation. This approach, applied blindly, requires at least a 3x increase in hardware and power consumption. In this paper we introduce an automated low cost software platform for efficiently performing fault injection experiments targeting single event upsets in programmable devices. This platform allows designers to start analyzing and testing for SEU during the design phase. Faults are injected by modifying internal signals during simulation. In this approach we verify that software simulation is a valid tool to study critical points of a design that may impair system dependability.<sup>12</sup>
This paper investigates the use of novel hardware and techniques to increase the speed of simulation for large gas turbine engine models. In particular, the work shows the results of attempting to accelerate an engine system model using multiple processor cores and a FPGA co-processor. Strengths and weaknesses of the technologies are illustrated and an account of the lessons learnt for distributing models over disparate technologies is provided. <sup>1,2</sup>
To further improve and satisfy the spectral efficiency requirements addressed in LTE-Advanced system, in this paper, a Coordinated Multi-Cell MU-MIMO scheme is proposed to achieve this goal, especially to enhance the cell-edge user(the 5%of user throughput) throughput substantially. In our proposed cooperative scheme, we adopt multi-cell block diagonalization (BD) algorithm to perform joint procession across the evolved coordinated eNodeBs to mitigate the inter-cell interference (ICI) so as to enhance the whole system performance. Proportional fair (PF) scheduling algorithm is also applied to guarantee the fairness between the users. Furthermore, different numbers of antennas employed at the eNodeB are considered and their affects on our proposed cooperative scheme are analyzed as well. Of course, a system simulation platform is established for the downlink LTE-Advanced system to evaluate the performance of this scheme from the system level perspective. Ultimately, from the simulation results, we can draw that the coordinated multi-cell MU-MIMO scheme we proposed is an effective approach to improve the spectral efficiency prominently and much more spectral efficient comparing to conventional non-cooperative MIMO scheme for the downlink LTE-Advanced system.
Traffic simulation technology is a practical computer simulation technology, and the development of traffic simulation software systems are usually based on the knowledge of computer and traffic. Aiming at the situation of china, an improved approach of the traffic simulation is proposed in this paper. Under the special condition in China, the mixed traffic whose lanes are not divided clearly is chaotic. Without clear state of car-following or lane-changing, and also influenced by the speed of the non-motor vehicles ahead, the gap between vehicles, as well as the angle between the gap and current vehicles, the speed and the angle of the vehicles in motion will change real-timely. Based on the research done before, the mixed traffic advance model is put forward in this paper on the basis of the stimulation-action model. It is demonstrated through example that the traffic state in China under the condition that the traffic lanes are not divided clearly is simulated by using the proposed model more accurately, thereby, it presents a new idea for related research.
In this article device-to-device (D2D) communication underlaying a 3GPP LTE-Advanced cellular network is studied as an enabler of local services with limited interference impact on the primary cellular network. The approach of the study is a tight integration of D2D communication into an LTE-Advanced network. In particular, we propose mechanisms for D2D communication session setup and management involving procedures in the LTE System Architecture Evolution. Moreover, we present numerical results based on system simulations in an interference limited local area scenario. Our results show that D2D communication can increase the total throughput observed in the cell area.
A novel modification of weighted fair queuing is proposed that enables significant savings in the number of signalling bits required for the mobile terminals to indicate the status of their data buffers to the scheduling node. Results based on practical voice-over-IP system simulations, particularly applicable to UMTS/LTE, demonstrate that it is possible to achieve the same performance with single-bit buffer status reports (BSRs) as with full BSRs, provided that a buffer occupancy threshold and weighting factor are jointly adapted.
This paper extends the conventional power flow formulation in order to enable the solution of networks modeled at the bus section level. The proposed extension is centered on a methodology to represent zero impedance branches successfully employed in state estimation studies. Accordingly, the active and reactive power flows through switches and circuit breakers are treated as new state variables along with the complex voltage at the network nodes. Information regarding device statuses is included into the power flow problem as new (and linear) equations, producing a solvable non-redundant set of algebraic equations. Applications of the proposed modifications in connection with the power flow solution via Newton-Raphson's method are presented and discussed. The proposed approach provides an efficient tool to directly determine the power flow distribution over selected substations of the network, avoiding unreliable artifices and tedious post-processing procedures required when a conventional power flow formulation is applied. The IEEE 24-bus and IEEE 30-bus test systems are employed to illustrate and evaluate the proposed approach, considering distinct substation layouts.
In power system reliability evaluation, alternating renewal process is generally used to model the failure and repair cycle of a component. This means that after repair, the component is assumed to be restored to as good as new condition from the reliability perspective. However, in practice, there may exist an aging trend in some components as they grow old. This paper describes how aging characteristics of components may impact the calculation of commonly used reliability indices such as loss of load expectation (LOLE). In order to construct the system failure and repair history of components, sequential Monte Carlo simulation method using stochastic point process modeling is introduced. Three methods are described for this purpose and this methodology is applied to the single area IEEE reliability test system. The results are analyzed and compared.
Accurate bus-oriented, three-phase modeling of power systems is desirable for advanced applications and has become practical due to increased computational capability. To assist research activities in this area, this paper presents a benchmark three-phase test system. The proposed system is based on the 24-bus IEEE Reliability Test System that has been converted into a 24-substation, breaker-oriented, three-phase model. The model is available in electronic form at the site: http://pscal.ece.gatech.edu/testsys/. The proposed model is intended for use in research for three-phase power flow analysis, reliability analysis, fault analysis, transient stability, evaluation of fault currents through specific breakers, risk assessment of breaker failures, and other applications.
It is known that artificial neural network is a powerful scheme for function learning and modeling nonlinear loads. However, a direct application of artificial neural network for modeling time-varying loads may lead to inaccuracies. This paper presents an accurate neural-network-based method for modeling the highly nonlinear voltage-current characteristic of an ac electric arc furnace (EAF). The neural-network-based model can be effectively used to assess waveform distortions, voltage fluctuations, and performances of reactive power compensation devices associated with the EAF in a power system. Simulation results obtained by using the proposed model are compared with the actual measured data and two other traditional neural network models. It is shown that the proposed method yields favorable performance and can be applied for modeling similar types of nonlinear loads for power engineering studies.
In this study, we first quantify cell-wide mean throughputs in interference-limited single-input-single-output (SISO) and multi-element antenna (MEA) cellular systems along various system-level design dimensions, including: MEA array size; frequency-reuse factor; antenna pattern (omni-directional or sectorized); degree of coding; allowable constellation size; and transmitor receive-adaptation. Next, we examine the validity of a noise-model for co-channel interference present in MEA links. Using system simulations, we show that this model is valid under all conditions, with varying levels of accuracy.
This paper proposes a comparative study of current-controlled hysteresis and pulsewidth modulation (PWM) techniques, and their influence upon power loss dissipation in a power-factor controller (PFC) output filtering capacitors. First, theoretical calculation of low-frequency and high-frequency components of the capacitor current is presented in the two cases, as well as the total harmonic distortion of the source current. Second, we prove that the methods already used to determine the capacitor power losses are not accurate because of the capacitor model chosen. In fact, a new electric equivalent scheme of electrolytic capacitors is determined using genetic algorithms. This model, characterized by frequency-independent parameters, redraws with accuracy the capacitor behavior for large frequency and temperature ranges. Thereby, the new capacitor model is integrated into the converter, and then, software simulation is carried out to determine the power losses for both control techniques. Due to this model, the <i>equivalent series resistance</i> (ESR) increase at high frequencies due to the skin effect is taken into account. Finally, for hysteresis and PWM controls, we suggest a method to determine the value of the series resistance and the remaining time to failure, based on the measurement of the output ripple voltage at steady-state and transient-state converter working.
This study proposes a novel reactive power dispatch model that takes into account both the technical and economical aspects associated with reactive power dispatch in the context of the new operating paradigms in competitive electricity markets. The main objective of the proposed model is to minimise the total amount of dollars paid by the system operator to the generators for providing the required reactive power support. The real power generation is decoupled and assumed fixed during the reactive power dispatch procedures; however, because of the effect of reactive power on real power, a re-schedule in the real power generation is allowed within given limits. The 32-bus CIGRE benchmark system is used to illustrate the proposed reactive power dispatch technique. The developed model is generic in nature and designed to be adopted by system operators in any electricity market structure, as demonstrated by its application to Ontario's grid considering its market rules for reactive power payments.
This study presents mixed integer non-linear programming (MINLP) approach for determining optimal location and number of distributed generators in hybrid electricity market. For optimal location of distributed generation (DG), first the most appropriate zone has been identified based on real power nodal price and real power loss sensitivity index as an economic and operational criterion. After identifying the suitable zone, mixed integer non-linear programming approach has been applied to locate optimal place and number of distributed generators in the obtained zone. The non-linear optimisation approach consists of minimisation of total fuel cost of conventional and DG sources as well as minimisation of line losses in the network. The pattern of nodal real and reactive power prices, line loss reduction and fuel cost saving has been obtained. The results have also been obtained for pool electricity market model for comparison. The impact of demand variation on the results has also been obtained for both the market models. The proposed MINLP-based optimisation approach has been applied for IEEE 24 bus reliability test system.
A new lookup-table linearization technique is developed based on the digital feedback and digital feedback/predistortion (DFBPD) concepts. The linearization characteristics are investigated through system simulation of a real power-amplifier model with 90-W peak envelope power. The DFB suppresses forward-path nonlinear distortion as a gain reduction due to the FB effect, and this technique enhances the system tolerance without any bandwidth limitation. As the PD network is added to the FB loop, the linearization performance and system tolerance are further improved because of more accurate PD signal extraction. In addition, the gain is purely determined by the FB path, so the gain fluctuation in the forward path, including amplifier aging and temperature effects, is suppressed. The analysis and simulation allow experimental evaluation of the linearization mechanism and performance of the DFBPD technique for an 802.16 e mobile Worldwide Interoperability for microwave access signal.
This study focuses on the information extraction from reported sensor data in the communication system of wide-area-search munitions (WASMs). Such sensor data could be erroneous and inconsistent. For example, two WASMs might detect the same target, but associate it with two different targets and tracks. Similarly, two WASMs might detect two distinct targets, but recognize them as the same target. The research challenge is how to fuse both accurate and inaccurate information broadcasted from WASMs, and reconstruct the battle space for accurate target tracking. For each of the detected target points, WASMs provide its location information, detection time, and directional velocity. We, herein, propose a target clustering approach to group target points detected by WASMs and identify the track of individual targets. Our approach differs from traditional clustering techniques as it performs clustering using the time and orientation information, in addition to the distance in the Euclidean space. Our approach employs a network modeling technique to reconstruct all target points and their feasible movement, and a new optimization technique to find the most probable target tracks. Our approach can also determine the optimal number of clusters (targets) automatically from the input data. In this study, distributed interactive simulation, a real-time simulation of a network's information exchange, is used to generate battle space test instances that are used in evaluating the proposed framework. Based on seven realistically simulated instances, the computational results show that our approach provides extremely accurate target-tracking results in a timely fashion. We also compare our results with those obtained using the k-means clustering technique. On average, our approach reconstructs the real target tracks with about 95%accuracy in less than 10 s, while the k-means clustering results yields about 80%accuracy in a similar computational time.
For low-power grid-connected applications, a single-phase converter can be used. In photovoltaic (PV) applications, it is possible to remove the transformer in the inverter to reduce losses, costs, and size. Galvanic connection of the grid and the dc sources in transformerless systems can introduce additional ground currents due to the ground parasitic capacitance. These currents increase conducted and radiated electromagnetic emissions, harmonics injected in the utility grid, and losses. Amplitude and spectrum of the ground current depend on the converter topology, the switching strategy, and the resonant circuit formed by the ground capacitance, the converter, the ac filter, and the grid. In this paper, the ground current in a 1.5-kW PV installation is measured under different conditions and used to build a simulation model. The installation includes a string of 16 PV panel, a full-bridge inverter, and an LCL filter. This model allows the study of the influence of the harmonics injected by the inverter on the ground current.
Energy consumption has become the dominant metric when it comes to designing high-performance simultaneous multi-threaded (SMT) microprocessors. The authors propose a fusion of threads to help reduce energy consumption for these future SMT microprocessors. Threads are fused by merging two dynamic instances of the same static instruction into a single instruction thereby reducing unnecessary redundant computation in the front-end of the processor. The result is that power consumption is reduced in the pipeline until the execution stage. The authors have performed full system simulation, and our simulation results show average energy reduction of 10%with little impact on performance (less than 1%). They also extend thread fusion by proposing mechanisms to reduce the number of register file accesses and functional unit activity by reusing computations when the input values of the two dynamic instances of a fused instruction are the same. Our experiments show 5%energy savings in the integer register file and 10%in the integer functional units using this technique.
We report on the application of a 5-MW variable voltage source (VVS) amplifier converter for utilization in power hardware-in-the-loop (PHIL) experiments with megawatt-scale motor drives. In particular, a commercial 2.5-MW variable speed motor drive (VSD) with active front end was connected to a virtual power system using the VVS for integrating the drive with a simulated power system. An illustrative example is given, whereby a 4-MW gas turbine generator system, including various loads, is simulated and interfaced with the VSD hardware in the lab through the VVS using current feedback to the simulation. Mechanical loading is applied to the motor via an identical 2.5-MW dynamometer connected to the same shaft. This paper first describes the PHIL facility, illustrates the challenges of powering a motor drive from a controlled voltage source converter at the multimegawatt scale, and provides experimental results from dynamic simulations. While certain challenges remain with the accuracy of the interface, it is concluded that PHIL simulations at the megawatt power level are possible and may prove useful for validating models of drive systems in the future.
Thanks to the advances of voltage regulator (VR) technologies and haptic systems, virtual simulators are increasingly becoming a viable alternative to physical simulators in medicine and surgery, though many challenges still remain. In this study, a pervasive visual-haptic framework aimed to the training of obstetricians and midwives to vaginal delivery is described. The haptic feedback is provided by means of two hand-based haptic devices able to reproduce force-feedbacks on fingers and arms, thus enabling a much more realistic manipulation respect to stilus-based solutions. The interactive simulation is not solely driven by an approximated model of complex forces and physical constraints but, instead, is approached by a formal modeling of the whole labor and of the assistance/intervention procedures performed by means of a timed automata network and applied to a parametrical 3-D model of the anatomy, able to mimic a wide range of configurations. This novel methodology is able to represent not only the sequence of the main events associated to either a spontaneous or to an operative childbirth process, but also to help in validating the manual intervention as the actions performed by the user during the simulation are evaluated according to established medical guidelines. A discussion on the first results as well as on the challenges still unaddressed is included.
Reliability analysis has become a tool of fundamental importance to virtually all electrical and computer engineers because of the extensive usage of hardware systems in safety and mission critical domains, such as medicine, military, and transportation. Due to the strong relationship between reliability theory and probabilistic notions, computer simulation techniques have been traditionally used to perform reliability analysis. However, simulation provides less accurate results and cannot handle large-scale systems due to its enormous CPU time requirements. To ensure accurate and complete reliability analysis and thus more reliable hardware designs, we propose to conduct a formal reliability analysis of systems within the sound core of a higher order logic theorem prover (HOL). In this paper, we present the higher order logic formalization of some fundamental reliability theory concepts, which can be built upon to precisely analyze the reliability of various engineering systems. The proposed approach and formalization is then utilized to analyze the repairability conditions for a reconfigurable memory array in the presence of stuck-at and coupling faults.
<para> Rational approximation of frequency responses is important for the modeling and design of microwave systems. An exact match of the dc value is crucial to ensure the accuracy and reliability of circuit and system simulations. This paper presents a novel approach to compute dc-compliant macromodels that are both accurate and uniformly passive at the same time. Several examples illustrate the effectiveness of the approach. </para>
<para> This paper presents a new method for increasing the measurement accuracy of giant magnetoresistive (GMR) sensors. The method used is to linearize the output characteristic by numerically eliminating the hysteresis&#x2014;the main error source. A simplified mathematical model of the hysteresis is derived from the T(x) model and tested in a software simulation environment by comparing the results with the real measurements. The model is then discretized and implemented on a fixed-point digital signal processor (DSP). An algorithm based on the model is developed in order to eliminate error propagation during the measurements. The 75%improvement in accuracy and the linear output characteristic delivered by the DSP verify the validity of the proposed method. The successful final results demonstrate that modeling hysteresis is a convenient and very effective way to increase the accuracy and the measurement range of GMR sensors in practical applications. </para>
Virtual Prototypes (VPs) based on Transaction Level Modeling (TLM) have become a de-facto standard in today's SoC design, enabling early SW development. However, due to the growing complexity of SoC architectures full system simulations (HW+SW) become a bottleneck reducing this benefit. Hence, it is necessary to develop modeling styles which allow for further abstraction beyond the currently applied TLM methodology. This paper introduces such a modeling style, referred to as TLM+. It enables a higher modeling abstraction through merging hardware dependent driver software at the lowest level with the HW interface. Thus, sequences of HW transactions can be merged to single HW/SW transactions while preserving both the HW architecture and the low-level to high-level SW interfaces. In order to maintain the ability to validate timing-critical paths, a new resource model concept is introduced which compensates the loss of timing information, induced by merging HW transactions. Experimental results show a speed-up of up to 1000x at a timing error of approximately 10%.
Modern automotive and aerospace embedded applications require very high-performance simulations that are able to produce new values every microsecond. Simulations must now rely on scalable performance of multi-core systems rather than faster clock frequencies. Novel parallelization techniques are needed to satisfy the industrial simulation demands that are essential for the development of safety-critical systems. Simulink formalism is the industrial de facto standard, but current state-of-the-art simulation and code generation techniques fail to fully exploit the parallelism in modern multi-core systems. However, closed-loop and dynamic system simulations are very difficult to parallelize because of the loop-carried dependencies. In this paper we introduce a novel skewed pipelining technique that overcomes these difficulties and allows loop-carried Simulink applications to be executed concurrently in multi-core systems. By delaying the forwarding of values for a few iterations, we can break some data dependencies and coarsen the granularity of programs. This improves the concurrency and reduces the high cost of inter-processor communication. Implementation studies to demonstrate the viability of our method on a commodity multi-core system with 2, 3, and 4 processors show a 1.72, 2.38, and 3.33 fold speedup over uniprocessor execution.
This paper proposes a novel software Transaction-Level Modeling (TLM) approach for efficient HW/SW co-simulation. In HW/SW co-simulation, timing synchronization should be involved between the hardware and software simulations for keeping their concurrency. However, improperly handling timing synchronization either slows down the simulation speed or scarifies the simulation accuracy. Our approach performs timing synchronization only at the points of HW/SW interactions, so the accurate simulation result can be achieved efficiently. Furthermore, we define three abstraction levels of software TLM models based on the type of interactions captured. Given the target software, the software TLM models can be automatically generated in multiple abstraction layers. The experimental results show that our software TLM models attain 3 million instructions per second (MIPS) for low-level abstraction and go as high as 248 MIPS for higher level abstraction. Therefore, designers can have efficient co-simulation by selecting a proper layer according to the abstraction of corresponding hardware components.
This paper presents the position control of a DC motor using Fuzz Logic and PID Control algorithms. Fuzzy Logic and PID controllers are designed based on labview program, and the real - time position control of the DC motor was realized by using DAQ device. The experimental results demonstrate that the responses of DC motor with FLC show a satisfactory, well damped control performance.
This paper analyzes the example of a belt conveyor on coal harbor, and adopts the newly popular Simulink simulation software based Matlab language. This software provides a new solution for system simulation technology, and not only improves the efficiency of computer programming, but greatly enhances programming equality and reliability. The jointly working scope of driving device can be attained by their crossing points, and output characteristic curve of jointly working may be programmed by neural networks algorithm, which owning fast fitting speed, high fault-tolerant capability and nonlinear modeling performance. The output torque of driving system in s-function block is served as input source block of conveyor system, the state space block of the belt as system block and dynamic tensions as output block of conveyor system, thus the simulation model of whole conveyor system is created and solver in variable-step is selected to solve the simulation model because this solver is stable, efficient and accurate to stiff equations and the varying process of each dynamic parameters are available during full-load starting. The simulation results of conveyor system can assure smooth braking and the security of conveyor system.
A voltage-behind-reactance (VBR) machine model has been recently proposed for the electro-magnetic transient programs (EMTP)-type simulation programs. The VBR model greatly improves numerical accuracy and efficiency compared with the traditional <i>qd</i> and phase-domain (PD) models. This paper extends the previous research and presents an approach to include magnetic saturation into the VBR induction machine model. The presented method takes into account the <i>qd</i> axes static and dynamic cross saturation, whereas the nonlinear magnetic characteristic is represented using a piecewise-linear method that is suitable for the EMTP solution approach. Case studies verify the new saturable VBR model and show that it has improved numerical stability and accuracy even at large time steps.
From the perspective of ecology of education, this article analyzed the common problems in the ecological environment of engineering education in local colleges, and proposed to make the ecology of education dynamically balanced in the new era to meet the requirements for training applied talents on engineering in local colleges through measures such as "Engineering Analysis" pedagogy based on computer simulation technology, establishing a sound campus engineering training center, etc..
In waterborne safety management of sluice on Suzhou River estuary in Shanghai, the Crashworthy systems are used for ensuring the safety of sluice gate and the arresting net is the core system. It is the first time that the arresting net is used in engineering of waterborne safety. Dynamical system simulation and mechanical analysis of crashworthy arresting system are studied for waterborne safety of sluice on Suzhou River estuary in Shanghai. The axial stress distribution cures of main cables and nylons are drawn, and the boat's acceleration and reaction force are gained. According to the results of numerical simulation, mechanical properties in operating process are investigated, and the working principle of arresting system is introduced. A finite element model to simulate the arresting system is presented, and the results are contrasted by mechanics analysis. Through analyzing the results of simulation, the arresting system can effectively keep the going wrong boats off. The proposed method is shown to provide a reference to design of arresting system.
This paper describes the system structure about the manufacturing process of metallurgy, establishes the system's System Dynamics (SD) model according to system's circulation feedback relations. Based on the modeling, the system simulation on the different production pattern was carried on, and the change situation of the entire material flow and energy flow was demonstrated. The relation of the entire material flow and energy flow under the different production pattern was discussed, and the results expose the cause on the change of energy flow. Some beneficial advices for the decision-makers were given.
This paper presents the truck crane boom system working principle, establishes key components model in accordance with their actual structure using Hydraulic Component Design Library, and builds the boom system model with AMESim. Based on the validated model by experiment results, the factors are found out for the boom accelerating, and the improvement measure is proposed.
The design of a microactuator serving as an implantable hearing aid to overcome ambylacousia was conducted by executing mechanical and thermal Finite Element Method (FEM) analyses using the ANSYS&#x00AE; software simulation tool. To do so, the deflection conditions to be fulfilled by the system were determined. The two challenges were to achieve a sufficiently high resonance frequency and to accommodate the physiological restrictions in the middle ear and the cochlea defining the maximal size of the microactuator. A model of the mechanical system was created and modal analyses were carried out. In the next step, the force required to deflect the membrane in the static case and under damping of the cochlea was simulated. In a last step, a 3-D thermal model of the complete system including the micromagnetics was created to investigate the temperature rise in the system. This is important with respect to the implantation of the actuator into the human body, avoiding a necrosis of the human tissue.
Focusing on the research of simulation system for virtual instrument and application of the status, this paper analyzes several third-party software platforms to develop interface for virtual simulation in the Windows environment, then evaluates and compares their performance. With an example of using GL Studio software, we introduce a generating ActiveX control method based on the use of photographs and the method of drawing dial with programming to achieve realistic, and develop ActiveX control of Virtual Instrument by the specific software modules of GL Studio. At the same time, we achieve the organic integration between virtual simulation software platform and third-party applications based on COM technology. The realization method is proved to have good real-time and versatility in an engine test system.
Simulation experiment is an important means of analyzing and assessing the security of SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition) system, however, the existing simulation environments have some limitations in flexibility and extensibility. According to the type of industrial infrastructure and the structure of SCADA system, the abstract models of SCADA system are established, the reference architecture of SCADA system simulation environment is proposed, and the simulation environment for analyzing and assessing the security of SCADA system is designed and implemented. This simulation environment has the characteristics of extensibilities and adaptability, and integrated several components including the simulated enterprise network, OPC Client/HMI, industrial OPC server, SCADA protocol tester, SCADA RTUs, and the sensors and actuators, etc. Finally, experiment on the representative SCADA system attack scenario of has been conducted in this simulation environment to analyze and assess their security status, and the results demonstrate the effectiveness and practicability of the simulation environment.
Animation design for computer simulation technique of cylindrical centerless grinding process is proposed based on analysis on the processing character of centerless grinding and the techniques of computer simulation. 3DS file and model structures are applied to reconstruct the simulation model of the centerless grinding. Two-dimension animated simulation for the grinding process is realized combining OpenGL technology which is used to present three dimensional appearance changing of workpiece during processing. Testing on the system show that the simulation system presented in the paper has good real-time performance, friendly interactivity and ability to simulate two or three dimensional animation in practice.
The relation between logistics and packaging was elaborated. As an important packaging material, the conformation property of polymer material attracts more and more widespread attention. The conformation property of polymer material in logistics packaging was simulated with computer simulation technology. The application of computer simulation in logistics packaging material was realized with the simulation on the size and shape of the packaging polymer material.
Using order processing system simulation can help the analysis and realization of workflow management, scheduling and decision of distribution center and the optimization of system configuration; it can also judge whether the system can meet its quick-response design requirements and examine the practicability of system indicators. By using Extend module, this paper established a dynamic model of distribution center workflow order processing system and probe into the processes and strategies of order processing, then find out the optimal order processing solution to meet the quick-response requirements of distribution center workflow.
In this paper a study has been carried out to use solar cell as a simple static transducer for measurement of linear and angular displacement of a moving object as a primary parameter and also it can be extended for its derivative parameter like velocity, acceleration etc. The working principle of solar cell and its scope of working as a transducer have been discussed. Experimental investigation through software simulation using MULTISIM 10.1 as well hardware implementation has been carried out. Software and hardware simulation show a good conformity in their result.
Step-index Polymer Optical Fibers (SI-POF) are candidates for broadband in-house networks. For the first time, we give a comprehensive overview over the real channel capacity of POF links up to 100 m, based on experimental investigations and complex system simulations. More than 2 Gbit/s can be transmitted at very low BER with existing components. Improved devices will give place for further progress.
Efficient algorithms for the generation of noise samples are required for the software simulation of radar systems. In many cases, such as the modelling of oscillator phase noise, noise samples with a power spectral density (PSD) that match an <tex>$f^{alpha}$</tex> model are required. An algorithm for the generation of sequences of <tex>$f^{alpha}$</tex> noise samples, based on a multirate filterbank is presented. A technique for pruning of the multirate filterbank, allowing highly efficient generation of pulsed sequences of <tex>$f^{alpha}$</tex> noise samples while preserving long term correlations, is also presented, as well as a noise generation algorithm designed to model the phase noise of precision oscillators.
The medical training systems based on virtual simulation are highly desired since minimally invasive surgical techniques have become popular to patients. The training system helps surgeon trainees to acquire, practice and evaluate their surgical skills, and the key component of such a system is to simulate the dynamic procedure such as 3D biological tissue deformation in surgical operation. In our paper, an improved mass-spring model is proposed to represent the biological tissue surface, during which the virtual spring is introduced and utilized to help compensate the weakness of the conventional mass-spring model. Then Verlet integration is adopted to calculate the position of mass points during the deformation process without explicit computation of the velocity values. Finally the bilinear interpolation method is employed to generate one smooth mesh to render the deformed tissue surface. To speed up the simulation performance for surgical tissue deformation, CUDA based GPU computing is adopted, while related data structures and algorithm are designed and implemented for the parallel computation. Our proposed method has been tested by experiments and it has the ability to generate realistic biological tissue deformation images in real time.
Focusing on application and development of ActiveX control used in simulation system, this paper introduces the method to achieve the NI virtual instrumentation control and use GL Studio software to generate ActiveX Control in the VC++ development environment. With an example of using GL Studio software, it introduces a method of generating ActiveX control based on the idea of designing NI virtual instrumentation control. It provides a good software support for the expansion of GL Studio software in the field of developing virtual simulation interface. The realization method has good real-time and versatility in an engine test system.
With the increasingly depravation of Earth environment, environmental education is gaining more and more concern all over the world. The potential value of virtual reality technology in environmental education is analyzed. A metaphor-based generic architecture of virtual reality systems as environmental learning tools is proposed. A vivid example of ecosystem simulation is presented, and the students' attitudes towards educational virtual environments are studied. The statistic data show that the application of virtual reality in environmental education can not only raise educational quality, but also solve some existing problems on environmental experiments.
Distributed Virtual Environment (DVE) has attracted much attention in recent years due to the rapid advances in the areas of E-learning, Internet gaming, human-computer interfaces, and etc. However, the complexity of designing an efficient DVE greatly challenges today's researchers. Indeed, how to effectively measure a DVE or the design of DVE plays an important role in progressively guiding the DVE design. Meanwhile, the performance of protocols and schemes used in an existing DVE cannot be easily measured straightforwardly. Traditionally, simulation tools are involved to predict the performance of the DVE system or any used protocols; however, existing tools have limited capabilities in terms of accurately capturing the real-world performance. This is due to the statically configured simulations, hard-to-model hardware devices (such as haptic devices, mobile devices), single processor's execution of the simulations, and etc. Moreover, there exists no integrated simulating and measuring framework that can effectively support model reuse, dynamic reconfiguration of a simulation, real devices in the simulation loop (statically or run-time), and distributed simulation execution, just to name a few. In this paper, we propose and implement an integrative simulation and measuring framework; in particular, we design a generic real-time service oriented virtual simulation system which can effectively measure the real time performance of distributed virtual environments and virtual reality based applications. The main goal of our proposed framework lies in providing accurate and near-real-world measurements of a DVE and any related protocols, so that a highly cost-efficient DVE system design can be achieved. Moreover, our framework uses the Experimental Frame concept to separate simulation services from design models so that model reuses, model formalization and model validation can all be done within one layer. The idea of using experimental frame also makes possible a h-
Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs) are increasingly employed in both high-performance computing and embedded systems due to performance and power advantages compared to microprocessors. However, widespread usage of FPGAs has been limited by increased design complexity. Highlevel synthesis has reduced this complexity but often relies on inaccurate software simulation or lengthy register-transfer-level simulations for verification and debugging, which is unattractive to software developers. In this paper, we present high-level synthesis techniques that allow application designers to efficiently synthesize ANSI-C assertions into FPGA circuits, enabling real-time verification and debugging of circuits generated from highlevel languages, while executing in the actual FPGA environment. Although not appropriate for all systems (e.g., safety-critical systems), the proposed techniques enable software developers to rapidly verify and debug FPGA applications, while reducing frequency by less than 3%and increasing FPGA resource utilization by less than 0.13%for several application case studies on an Altera Stratix-II EP2S180 using Impulse-C. The presented techniques reduced area overhead by as much as 3x and improved assertion performance by as much as 100%compared to unoptimized in-circuit assertions.
According to the single release form of product information on the network in machine manufacturing enterprises and the high price of the conventional NC simulation software, a machining simulation system based on Web is developed in this paper. Making use of the superiority of Java and JavaScript on Web and the interaction of VRML technology, 3D browsing, virtual assembly and machining simulation are realized on the network. Based on the authenticity and real-time of virtual reality, a network distributed virtual simulation system is designed. This method of NC machining simulation is not dependent on the expensive CAD/CAM software, and for the size of the system files is small, it can be transferred on the network conveniently. Using the browser with the plug as the client, the system has free installation, authenticity, interaction, low cost, portability, low requirements for the client, etc.
<para> This paper presents an alternative approach to thyristor-controlled series capacitor (TCSC) performance analysis. The approach is to interface a small-scale physical model of the TCSC with a classic physical power system simulation laboratory. The platform is capable of investigating the operation, protection, and control strategies of TCSCs. Furthermore, it can be used to investigate complex phenomena such as the breakdown of metal oxide varistors. Such phenomena are very difficult, if not impossible, to investigate using digital simulation methods. </para>
Due to the ongoing integration of Renewable Energy Sources (RES) at all levels, the structures of Electric Power Networks (EPN's) are transforming from vertical to horizontal. During this evolutional process the utility companies have to control, protect, maintain and manage properly their networks, with minimal financial, operational, efficiency, quality and availability impact. System Developers and Operators have to reconsider the applied principles, keeping in mind the potential of distributed RES in affecting the quality, safety, and reliability of the grid. The paper evaluates some effects on the grid voltage as a function of RES penetration. While a priori software simulations of the grid behavior already improve the design and development, real field data will verify it.
This paper reports the system-level study of high-speed wireless system at 60 GHz for uncompressed HD video communications. The study is addressed to explore the implementation of 60-GHz transceivers in nano-scale CMOS technology. A model of the high data rate physical layer based on the specification released by the consortium WirelessHD&#x00AE; has been implemented in MATLAB&#x00AE; and the system simulations of the bit error rate have been carried out in order to derive the specifications of the building blocks of the 60-GHz transceiver. Finally, these specifications have been derived by taking into account the capabilities of the 65nm standard CMOS technology.
Stream processing is an important emerging computational model for performing complex operations on and across multi-source, high volume, unpredictable dataflows. We present Flow, a platform for parallel and distributed stream processing system simulation that provides a flexible modeling environment for analyzing stream processing applications. The Flow stream processing system simulator is a high performance, scalable simulator that automatically parallelizes chunks of the model space and incurs near zero synchronization overhead for stream application graphs that exhibit feed-forward behavior. We show promising multi-threaded and multi-process event rates exceeding 80 million events per second on a cluster with 256 processor cores.
<para> Based on an original 12 kW 12-phase synchronous generator system, this paper presents the design scheme and computationally efficient simulation model of a 12-phase flywheel energy storage generator system with linearly dynamic load. In the designed system, the module functions of linearly dynamic load and excitation power amplifier are respectively performed by a Buck converter and full-bridge converter, and a joint algorithm of feedforward and feedback is adopted in the innovative excitation controller module. The system simulation model is built in EMTDC environment, where the machine models are obtained from secondary development in FORTRAN language. The simulation results show that all the designed modules can fulfill their basic functions, the active power of linearly dynamic load increases at the expected rate, the control precision and response speed of the system are satisfactory, and the solution of system simulation model is exact and fast. </para>
An overview of a new physical layer specification for powerline communication, named G3-PLC, is presented. The specification uses OFDM for data transmission and is intended to operate in the low-frequency band, from 35.9 kHz to 90.6 kHz. Simulation results are presented showing the expected performance of a typical G3-PLC-compliant modem when operating in a powerline channel, followed by field trial results showing performance of several G3-PLC modems operating on actual MV and LV powerline channels. In particular, results are presented for the first time showing performance of modems residing on opposite sides of a 20kV &#x2013; 220V transformer that interfaces an MV powerline to an LV powerline.
The design of reconfigurable active antennas requires an efficient system simulation in order to analyze the impact of other components on the array pattern, especially the Power Amplifiers (PA) effect. Therefore, the performance prediction of PA on Tx-Rx chains is important. This paper presents a behavioral model of a PA, which is able to take into account the load impedance mismatch with a VSWR (Voltage Standing Wave Ratio) up to 3. The proposed behavioral model, based on non-linear scattering functions, is extracted from simple CW measurements, and then implemented in Agilent Advanced Design System (ADS). Our behavioral model is validated by comparison with measurement results in the case of loading impedance mismatch (VSWR &#x2264; 3). Another model was validated (expansion of Taylor series to the second order), taking into account large VSWR (VSWR =3.5).
In the development process of electrical drive trains, consisting of the motor, the power electronics and the control scheme, it is difficult to predict the exact machine and control behavior in combination with the converter. Therefore, system simulations with analytical machine models embedded in a circuit simulation environment are performed. To increase accuracy by paying attention to alternating machine parameters, such as saturation, a finite element model can be used instead of the analytical machine model. In this paper such a field-circuit coupling is applied to the simulation of a PMSM servo drive and the results are shown and discussed.
Simulation of a complex system on chip is a must-do exercise to increase the level of confidence that the final product will actually work. Even though hitting the 100%confidence level might seem like a daunting task, careful planning and good methodology can ensure a reasonable level of confidence, without imposing a big delay on the project design cycle. The appropriate resources allocation, such as the Front-end functionality, ASIC functionality and programmable cores, is the main target for this system simulations effort. The division of functions among system resources can be a bit tricky. From one side, a given sub-block can be critical in the system performance, yet on the other side, this sub-block proves to be an expensive block. This paper presents the simulations methodology used for multiple examples showing how the local optimization of sub-blocks will not always lead to the global optimum solution.
With advancing technology, progressively more complex operations are being automated. Such automated systems are becoming mature, more reliable and consistent in their operation. In this paper, we envision using technology advances in the field of sensors, computing and communication systems to automate the driver test process, and provide a software simulation. In normal practice, a human supervisor closely monitors the driving skills of a new driver, risking the safety of the supervisor. By automating this system, we can relieve the supervisor of such risks and build a more efficient driving performance evaluation system. The intelligent agent uses a set of sensors to capture the world with layered software architecture to analyze the sensor data and evaluate the performance of the test driver.
Vegetation ecosystem simulation, at the landscape or crop level, is a challenging topic involving multidisciplinary aspects. Several models of biophysical components must be coupled properly in order to obtain a meaningful simulation. This also raises interesting problems in software architecture. In this paper, we first outline a synchronisation formalism and software architecture adapted to the simulation of systems built from several coupled models. The models are linked by caches that provide inputs and receive outputs, and control the time step of the simulation. Next, we describe specific models for resource management and plant growth, that are essential for landscape simulation. The resource models are designed to solve transparently the problem of competition. The implemented plant model involves three environmental parameters (temperature, light, water) and uptakes water according to plant growth. Finally, these models are coupled in simulations of a plant interacting with water resource, showing various complex behaviours in time.
With the popularity of Internet applications, digital music has entered our daily life deep. Research in the field of digital music draws more attention of interested people; however, there still has no set of complete design architecture about the digital music system simulation. As a result, many people interested in digital music and programmers have difficulty to study and research in this field. This paper will describe a complete simulation process of the digital music system under program control and in an object oriented way. The article will take a bottom-up approach to describe the file structure, running process, encapsulation way, program interface, logical structure simulation and user interface of digital music system.
The authors analyze the current situation as to vocational training, point out the problems that restricting development of vocational education in colleges. Introduce virtual simulation technology and apply it to modern practical teaching. The popularization and application will improve education quality and efficiency.
Given a wireless network with N nodes located uniformly at random on a finite plane, we consider the problem of distributed peer discovery: all nodes want to discover as many other nodes as possible. We assume that there are a total of K physical resources dedicated for the discovery purpose. Each node can pick one resource to transmit its node identifier on, and can receive on the remaining K &#x2212;1 resources. We assume that node identifiers are broadcast via coded transmission on one single physical resource using a single hop. This paper addresses link level strategies to maximize the average number of discovered devices when K &#x003C;&#x003C; N. A classical strategy of decoding one node per resource would lead to a maximum of K &#x2212;1 nodes being discovered. We observe that typically this number is much lower (&#x223C;K/2). We focus on n-user joint coding schemes to improve this performance and, more particularly, on joint iterative decoding (JID). It is shown through system simulations that JID may gain by significantly more than 100%over the classical single-user decoding, and by 20&#x2013;25%over interference cancellation, provided that the number n of jointly decoded identifiers matches the actual interference density.
Long Term Evolution (LTE) is the next generation wireless system that uses Break-before-Connect technology in the handover scheme, unlike handover in the Wide-band Code Division Multiple Access (WCDMA) that uses Connect-before-Break technology. In the LTE system, handover is one of the important radio resource management schemes that are responsible for mobility of user equipments, load balancing and interference management. This paper provides detailed description on requirements involved for handover procedure in the LTE system and the feasibility to extend the current software simulation tool of the LTE system to support multiple cells for handover. This paper contributes to the identification of the requirements and specifications that are needed for further study of handover procedure in the LTE system.
To meet driving behavior based on imaging movements, an environment is designed integrated with audio-visual simulation, compared with arrows and other simple environments, the experimental data showed that the virtual one for the driving experience had been test well. In the experiment the initiative, immersion, focus attention and reducing visual fatigue have a unique advantage. For collecting and processing of EEG, the virtual environment has played a positive role.
Since the discovery of autism, research into the treatment of the disease has continued and improved. Currently, the majority of treatments are centered on individual face-to-face therapies. This paper presents and realizes a new and unique perspective for autism treatment &#x2014; virtual community treatment. Therapeutic use of virtual communities and interactive simulation are better able to help patients to achieve improved therapeutic effects and adapt to real life.
Laboratory assignments for Embedded System courses are usually performed with a hardware-based training kit that equipped with an embedded system board, software development tools, and optionally an emulator for debugging. Using the hardware-based kits has some demerits such as high initial setup cost, burdensome maintenance, lacks of adaptability to industry evolution, and restricted educational outcomes. This paper deals with a simulation-based education package for laboratory works in Embedded System courses. The package uses the ARM's ARMulator environment that can simulate a simple ARM architecture board in cycle-level. We extended the ARMulator environment into a powerful one that can simulate an embedded system board by implementing various hardware IP models and peripheral simulation programs. The developed education package can be used to train students in Embedded System courses for topics such as assembly and C/C++ programming, processor architecture, memory system handling, peripheral control, system performance, real-time operating system, and development environment with overcoming the demerits of hardware-based kits.
With the NoC size growing constantly, efficient algorithms are needed to provide power/performance-aware task mapping on massively parallel systems. In this paper a novel tree-model based mapping algorithm is proposed, to achieve high energy efficiency and low latency on NoC platforms. A NoC is abstracted as a tree composed of a root node and median nodes at different levels. By mapping tasks starting from the root of the tree, our algorithm minimizes the communication cost and consequently reduces the energy consumption and network delay. Experimental results show that the run-time of our algorithm is decreased by 90%on average compared to the Greedy Incremental (GI) algorithm. Full system simulation also shows that for Radix traffic, compared to the original random mapping, the GI achieves 18.7%and 17.3%reduction in energy consumption and average network latency respectively, while our algorithm achieves 24.7%and 40.8%reduction respectively.
In this paper a soft-starter model and its control strategy for connecting solutions to the grid of different operation modes for a wind turbine generator of 2/0.5 MW are evaluated. The thyristors switching for different functions of the firing angle are discussed. A complete simulation model of a constant speed wind turbine with cage rotor and double stator windings induction generator is also presented. The system model proposed in this paper is developed in the dedicated power system simulation tool DIgSILENT, which gives access to an extensive library, but requires implementation of the relevant wind turbine model. The model can be used to study alternative control strategies for wind turbines and additional equipments such as soft-starter, compensation units and storage systems.
As more and more IP cores are integrated into an SOC design, the communication flow between IP cores has increased drastically and the efficiency of the on-chip bus has become a dominant factor for the performance of a system. The on-chip bus design can be divided into two parts, namely the interface and the internal architecture of the bus. In this work we adopt the well-defined interface standard, the Open Core Protocol (OCP), and focus on the design of the internal bus architecture. We develop an efficient bus architecture to support most advanced bus functionalities defined in OCP, including burst transactions, lock transactions, pipelined transactions, and out-of-order transactions. We first model and design the on-chip bus with transaction level modeling for the consideration of design flexibility and fast simulation speed. We then implement the RTL models of the bus for synthesis and gate-level simulation. Experimental results show that the proposed TLM model is quite efficient for the whole system simulation and the real implementation can significantly save the communication time.
<para> High-frequency chest compression (HFCC) can be used as a therapeutic intervention to assist in the transport and clearance of mucus and enhance water secretion for cystic fibrosis patients. An HFCC pump&#x2013;vest and half chest&#x2013;lung simulation, with 23 lung generations, has been developed using inertance, compliance, viscous friction relationships, and Newton&#x0027;s second law. The simulation has proven to be useful in studying the effects of parameter variations and nonlinear effects on HFCC system performance and pulmonary system response. The simulation also reveals HFCC waveform structure and intensity changes in various segments of the pulmonary system. The HFCC system simulation results agree with measurements, indicating that the HFCC energy transport mechanism involves a mechanically induced pulsation or vibration waveform with average velocities in the lung that are dependent upon small air displacements over large areas associated with the vest&#x2013;chest interface. In combination with information from lung physiology, autopsies and a variety of other lung modeling efforts, the results of the simulation can reveal a number of therapeutic implications. </para>
Computer system simulation, including both functional level and cycle accurate level, is a crucial method for computer architecture design. And functional simulation is also called simulator kernel. It is built as an autonomous library and provides an interface to the rest of the simulator [1, 2, 3]. And it's really important for system verification and system software development.
The rudder roll stabilization RRS is a new technology. The current linear model of ship is adopted to design its controller, but the controller has not a satisfying performance. According to the nonlinear model of ship, a genetic linear model is built adapted to rudder roll stabilization using genetic algorithm. On the basis of the genetic linear model, a generalized predictive controller is designed. The system simulation is given under the typical navigation condition. The simulation shows that the controller performance of genetic linear model is superior to the general model controller. The simulation results indicate that the genetic linear model is feasible.
this paper focuses on the ship roll balance control based on the ship roll dynamic model and special actuator. According to the ship dynamics model for roll stability and an actuator with the transferring liquid among Water cabins for ship, a control model for ship roll balance adjustment is built and also the control system is designed. And then, the ship balance performance and dynamic balance process based on the control model are investigated and analyzed with calculation and system simulation. In order to validate the system model built in the paper reasonable, a real case of ship is involved. Two kinds typical cases are employed so as to analysis the control performance. The research result shows it is significant to instruct and control the adjustment process of ship roll balance based on the control model. It can be applied to improve the ship safety and decrease the risk when the ship roll balance is damaged.
The research on system simulation credibility is the premise of taking good use of simulation results. First, the previous information is summarized in this paper. At the basis of making clear basic concepts related to simulation credibility, the various factors that affect simulation credibility are analyzed. A mathematical model of simulation credibility is set up, which is divided into the process credibility and the result credibility. Then, a preliminary study on methods of confirming the simulation result is carried out, through an example in military aspect. All these provide a certain theoretical basis and practical way to study simulation credibility in depth?
Power analysis attack is an important side-channel attack technology. In this paper, a power analysis attack software simulation platform is presented. Three optional schemes with different simulation precision and speed are provided for various requirements and considerations. Simulations of power analysis attacks to several ciphers are carried out successfully on this platform, including block ciphers and public key ciphers.
The basic principles and structure of HDB3 was briefly introduced in this paper, and the shortcomings of the existing HDB3 encoder and decoder was analyzed. Then a new design of HDB3 encoder and decoder based on FPGA was proposed, and the hardware design circuit and software simulation were introduced. The simulation was achieved through the VERILOG-HDL in EP2C35F672C8 chip of CycloneII series in the development environment of Quartus II 7.2. The results show that the design meets the requirements of HDB3 encoder and decoder, which has a simple hardware circuit and flexible software, and runs fast,and can be used in practical communication systems.
As the complexity of power plant construction process, the virtual simulation technology is applied to power plant construction area. Three-dimension models of the power plant parts are established, and virtual simulation system of power plant construction process is developed. The system simulates dynamically the construction process of all equipments in the power plant. Combined with voice caption and word description, the simulation system provides overall information of power plant construction process to decision-makers to determine a reasonable construction scheme. What's more, it could be used to the staff training of the power construction enterprises effectively. It could also guide the construction process of the constructors on spot to a certain degree.
A novel method for direct impedance measurement using a common vector network analyzer (VNA) is introduced. In commonly used methods impedance or admitance of a device under test (DUT) is derived from measured value of its reflection coefficient causing serious accuracy problems for very high or very low impedances. The proposed method makes possible to measure quantity directly proportional to the value of the impedance or admittance of the DUT. This enables us to accurately measure even impedances that are extremely different from value of the 50&#x2126; reference impedance. The method can also significantly reduce effect of uncertainties of the VNA. A suitable calibration technique is suggested and fully mathematically described. The concept of the new method was verified by software simulation.
In network emulation, traffic shapers are used to shape the performance of the network. They are provided with certain inputs in a test environment to vary the network performance accordingly in order to investigate the effects of different network conditions on applications in real yet emulated scenarios. However, it is very important for the shapers to work as supposed in order to successfully realize the desired network conditions. They may make the results of network emulations unrealistic and unreliable if their functioning is not according to the desired specification. In this work, we evaluate the delay shaping of three traffic shapers, NIST Net, Netem and KauNet through the results obtained from a number of experiments. A comparison of the output of their delay shaping is presented. This comparison can enable us to select the most suitable shaper based on the required shaping. Effects of hardware platforms on the shaping are also filtered out by performing the experiments with shapers installed on Advance Micro Devices (AMD) and Intel platforms separately. Different Protocol Data Unit (PDU) sizes are used in the experiments to test the influence of packet sizes on the shaping. These delay evaluation results are then complemented by the Coefficient of Throughput Variation (CoTV) results.
This paper proposes an analytical algorithm for the computation of the magnetization and loss curves for a transformer from standard no-load test report data. This is the input to standard transformer models for power system simulation. In the case of delta-coupled windings, the conversion from test-report root-mean-square line quantities to peak phase values requires processing of the triplen harmonics in the current. This is handled analytically in the paper with utilization of the concept of incremental inertance and conductance. The analysis shows that only the third harmonic needs to be treated to reach sufficient accuracy within the measurement errors. The test case with a 290-MVA generator stepup transformer shows an increase in the calculated current of above 10%at rated voltage with proper triplen harmonic handling. This difference will increase considerably with excitation voltage.
Antenna tilt is one of the most important performance tuning parameters of a cellular network, since it has a strong impact on the inter-site interference level in the system. In this paper, we present an analysis of the impact of antenna tilt on LTE coverage and capacity. Using system simulations, we study how the distribution between two types of tilt, electrical and mechanical, affects path gain and cell edge, peak, and average throughput in a macro-cellular scenario. While the total tilt has a strong impact on both capacity and coverage, we find that the type of tilt has distinct impact only on capacity.
In this paper we present an antenna RF system simulator and two application examples: a) a conformai electronically scanned multifunction antenna on-board a UAV for surveillance and reconnaissance in defense and security missions, and b) a phased array satellite communication car roof antenna. The simulator is a fairly generic tool that can be used to study different applications such as civilian or military radar and communication for example. The focus is to assess the effects that different hardware architecture and component properties will give at system level.
Recently, the IETF MIPSHOP working group proposes Fast PMIPv6 (FPMIPv6) and Transient Binding PMIPv6 (TPMIPv6) to reduce the handover latency and packets loss of PMIPv6. The research and standardization of FPMIPv6 and TPMIPv6 are just in the initial stage. The system performance analysis of them is benefit to the protocol design and deployment. In this paper, through the theoretical analysis and system simulation, we evaluate the handover latency of PMIPv6, FPMIPv6 and TPMIPv6 in vertical handover environment. Furthermore, in order to reflect handover performance more comprehensively, in system simulation, we also evaluate the UDP packets loss rate and the TCP throughput declining degree of such protocols. The results of theoretical analysis and simulation show that: (1) in vertical handover, the handover latency of FPMIPv6 is much larger than TPMIPv6 and PMIPv6. But the UDP packet loss rate of FPMIPv6 is smaller than TPMIPv6 and PMIPv6; (2) the handover performance of FPMIPv6-pre and TPMIPv6 much depend on MN's residence time in signal overlapped area.
Ever since the emergence of Intelligent Transportation System &#40;ITS&#41;, there has been a rapid integration of communications and automotive electronics industry, promoting developments and trends for the new generation of telematics. Apart from the development and standardization of telematics, its field test is however attracting less attention while being a most important aspect of the issue. The purposes of this research are to set up software/field tests and propose possible improvements for IEEE 802.11p standard. Then, obtaining information from software simulation to establish a controllable field for ground tests, and analyzing the indicative parameters of packet loss and latency of Dedicated Short Range Communication &#40;DSRC&#41; telematics system under mobile conditions, to complete a systematic testing procedure, statistics analysis as well as a transceiver design that will improve the transmission performance.
The requirements of IMT-Advanced [1] dictate innovations in radio resource management, including cross-layer optimization of radio resource allocation, inter-cell coordination, and interference mitigation strategies, dynamic and aggressive resource reuse, as well as state-of-the-art spatial signal processing. All of these technologies must be supported by an advanced radio access network capable of exploiting each ideally to their fullest extent. This paper proposes a novel radio access network architecture that we refer to as Shared Relay Segmentation &#40;SRS&#41; cellular architecture. While the concept of SRS may be implemented in a generic cellular multi-hop network, we focus on attributes of the SRS cell architecture that make it attractive for adoption in 4G networks such as WiMAX [2,3,4]. There are three main contributions in this work: We describe a novel and applique multi-hop cellular architecture requiring on average a single shared infrastructure relay station per WiMAX sector. We develop a multi-hop fractional frequency reuse strategy derived from the WiMAX segmentation plan [5]. We develop an optimal centralized radio resource allocation scheme, based on the Hungarian algorithm [6], enabling adaptive non-transparent cooperative relaying in the downlink access zone of a WiMAX sector. We demonstrate through system simulations how an SRS WiMAX cellular architecture improves both sector coverage and capacity over conventional WiMAX systems. We use system parameters and performance metrics defined for evaluation of IEEE 802.16j/m systems as reference [7,8]. Furthermore, we speculate that the SRS cellular architecture is suitable for applique enhancement of existing WiMAX deployments, enabling incremental CAPEX expenditure by network operators where driven by service demand.
For downlink multiple input multiple output &#40;MIMO&#41; schemes, there is a tradeoff between downlink MIMO performance and uplink reporting cost. The mobile speed has an impact on this tradeoff since the reporting delays the measurements. This paper presents the major downlink MIMO modes in 3GPP Long Term Evolution &#40;LTE&#41; and their related channel state information &#40;CSI&#41; modes. The impact of realistic CSI is investigated through advanced system simulations, showing that the total performance degradation of realistic CSI reporting is at a surprisingly low 20&#37; compared to full, recent channel knowledge. With realistic CSI reporting, a selected set of promising 2x2 MIMO applications are evaluated at different mobile speeds. The open-loop spatial multiplexing mode offers unexpectedly high cell throughput despite its limited feedback requirement. It performs well for a wide range of speeds, as it provides good robustness to delayed channel knowledge. Bitrates can only be further improved by closed-loop spatial multiplexing in stationary scenarios, where CSI delay does not hamper the precoding gain. These results confirm that there are MIMO modes suitable for both high and low speeds.
One way of modelling the wireless channel is in a statistical manner, based on a few parameters escribing the characteristics of the environment. In most current wireless channel models, these key parameters are assumed independent between separate links, i.e. on the channels modelling the propagation between one base station and several mobile stations, or one mobile station and several base stations. In practice, dependencies between these wireless channels is expected and as a consequence, system performance evaluations based on models with independent links may be inaccurate. Herein, we consider simulations of a system that depend on the spatial nature of the channel. In particular, we study a system with multi-user scheduling using a single carrier. We investigate the impact of angle spread correlations on multi-user diversity gains using opportunistic scheduling. To facilitate this, a novel method of modelling the angle spread correlations for multi-user system simulations is developed. It is shown that in systems with multiple user scheduling, modelling the angle spread autocorrelation is necessary to obtain reliable system performance results, especially as the number of simultaneous scheduled users increases.
Modeling power amplifier is a key step for designing power amplifying system and predistortion system. Whether nonlinearity and memory effects of power amplifier can be modeled correctly or not, has an important impact on system simulation performance. This paper presented and analyzed the Radial Basis Functions Neural Network (RBFNN), Utilizing input and output data extracted from Freescale semiconductor transistor MRF6S21140 model and designed circuit in ADS circumstance, simulate two kinds of Back Propagation Neural Network(BPNN) models and RBFNN models, and compute the error. Simulation results show that the proposed RBFNN behavioral model has less modeling error, and output waveform of the model can be more close to real waveform. The model can be set up in ADS and can be applied for system-level simulation, system simulation performance can be more close to real system, and has a significant sense for designing real system.
In order to make an in-depth study on high-frequency characteristics of GMI effect, this article presents a practical method to generate the alternating magnetic field. Comparing three feasible ways, the microstrip line is the optimum selection. Based on equivalent analysis method and CST software simulation, the distributing of microstrip line magnetic field is analyzed separately. Comparing the results based on different method, simulation results validate that equivalent analysis method is correct. It also indicate that the thickness of substrate and breadth of conductor strip both influence the distributing of magnetic field seriously. In the end, it is suggested that high-frequency alternating magnetic field generated by microstrip line is feasible, and it provides a theoretic reference for the design of mocrostrip line.
Millennial generation students (who were born after 1982), are used to dealing with a large number of choices, because they understand the power of 3D interactive simulation and the Internet. They are very visually focused, because this is the video gaming generation. They are keen to learn about sustainable green engineering and service methods, tools and solutions and then work for a &#x2018;green company&#x2019;. They want personalized, customized products, processes and service, and their education process is not an exception. They look for technical details, and they want to see it all, immediately, and virtually&#x2026; They look for good quality and low cost, ease of use. They do not like to read traditional static textbooks that often list mathematical equations without letting them test the active code with their own data. They like to continuously explore, experiment, get involved and test first hand rather than follow the traditional path. They also have less need and desire to conform, and they expect instant gratification. They are often impatient, and want it immediately&#x2026;
Sustainable green engineering design and manufacturing are changing every aspect of our life. This is because the climate is changing and customers are demanding sustainable green products and processes. Since many methods, designs and systems have to be changed, this is a complex field of integrated science and engineering, and we are only at the beginning&#x2026; Sustainable green engineering has already attracted a wide area of research topics, including all aspects of energy management in every process step throughout the system's lifecycle, renewable energy creation and storage, all sorts of waste reduction methods, new approaches to risk analysis and customer requirements analysis, new biodegradable materials, sustainable non-toxic manufacturing processes and machinery, new levels of optimization in control systems, advanced digital design/manufacturing system simulation methods, sustainability statistics, human and machine error prevention, reuse, recycling, and others. In this paper we offer an overview, as well as some methodology and concrete results.
This paper presents a three-dimensional (3-D) simulation of a triode-type magnetron injection gun (MIG) for a 42-GHz 200-kW gyrotron with a transverse-to-axial velocity ratio of the electron beam at 1.22 and a maximum transverse-velocity spread of 3.2%. The operating mode of the gyrotron is TE_03, and it is operated in the fundamental harmonic. The MIG has been designed by using some tradeoff equations and the 3-D particle-tracing code (computer simulation technology). The simulated results have been validated with the results obtained using the 3-D code OPERA Vector Fields and the two-dimensional trajectory codes EGUN and TRAK.
This paper presents a double-fed motor speed sensor less control method of simple, through the detection of the rotor current, rotor voltage and rotor current control of the same phase or reversed. Double-fed speed, the control rotor voltage vector and rotor vector always maintain the same phase (corresponding to super-synchronous) or reversed-phase (corresponding to sub-synchronous), thereby ensuring the rotor side of the power factor is 1, so that can greatly reduce the rotor side of the Variable frequency capacity. In this paper, the feasibility of this program is for the conduct of system simulation and experimental validation.
Traffic system simulation model is established based on system simulation principles of industrial engineering, considering mixed traffic flow and pedestrians' behavioral characteristics. Campus traffic system is simulated by Extendsim simulation software. The characteristics and rules of campus traffic layout are discovered, which provide references for the layout and optimization of architectural facilities, achieving goals of safety and high-performance.
The traditional static fault trees with AND, OR, and Voting gates cannot capture the dynamic behavior of complex computer system failure mechanisms such as sequence dependent events, spares and dynamic redundancy management, and priorities of failure events. In this paper, dynamic fault tree modeling method is applied in complex computer system. This paper starts from dynamic fault tree analysis method and its logic gates. A complex computer system simulation example is given. We establish respectively each model, and then gain system-level dynamic fault tree and modularize this model and analyze other questions. At last, we can draw a conclusion that this model method of this paper analyzes well dynamic behaviors in computer system that combines hardware, software and human reason.
The unified dynamical model of DC-DC buck converter is set up, and then two sliding mode controllers are introduced called conventional sliding mode controller and sliding mode proportional integral derivative (PID) controller. The stability are analyzed for the DC-DC converter system controlled by the sliding mode PID, and the optimum sliding mode PID parameters are determined. Finally, the system simulation is implemented and simulation results validate that the sliding mode PID controlled DC-DC buck converter has better dynamic and static performance than the system controlled by the conventional sliding mode controller.
As shown in many recent works, the load-frequency behavior can be represented by system frequency response models especially for an islanding process. In this paper, a frequency response model incorporating an under-frequency load-shedding scheme is presented for islanding power system simulations. The model was applied for a practical power system with both hydro and fossil-fired power generators. The governing system models are involved in the model, which have great impact on the system dynamics. Parameter identification method is used to find and verify the model parameters. Similar responses were observed between the simulations and the accident records. The simulation results showed disadvantages of the primary frequency control systems of hydro power generators at the beginning of the load disturbances. An closed fossil fired power plant is proposed to serve against the load disturbances and improved stability was observed according to the system simulation results.
With modern passenger aircraft requiring greater levels of electrical power to supply the novel technologies employed, the potential for interaction between the aircraft engine and electrical system is greatly increased. There is therefore a strong requirement to develop a thorough appreciation of the interrelationships governing the behaviour of the integrated system such that undesirable modes of operation may be avoided, and, in the longer term, globally optimised engine-electrical system designs may be produced. This paper presents the findings of a number of investigative studies conducted on a high fidelity, integrated aircraft engine and electrical power system simulation tool. These studies assess the effectiveness of a variety of electrical system design and operation methods in optimising the behaviour of the aircraft engine, whilst illustrating key trends in the behaviour of the integrated system.
In this paper the Pt-M (M = W, Mo, Sn)/C as anode catalyst on single PEM fuel cell performance is investigated. For PtRu/C (commercial) gave a maximum power density of 139 mW/cm<sup>2</sup> at 357 mA/cm<sup>2</sup>. The 20%Pt10%W/C shows the best performance and gives lower maximum power density 38%when compared to 20%Pt10%Ru/C (commercial), but the price of PtW is about 34%cheaper than the commercial PtRu/C catalyst. This result show that PtW are attractive alternative catalyst for PEMFC. A simplified static model of a fuel cell of proton exchange membrane (PEM) type, based on Pukrushpan's model has been developed and describe in detail. The system simulation has been implemented in MATLAB/Simulink program. A quite good agreement has been found between test and simulation.
Impulse UWB systems often use pulses of short duration in the baseband modulation and have a large spectrum bandwidth. Because of this the receiver needs to sample the signal at a high sampling rate and it is difficult to reduce the implementation complexity. This paper proposes a novel scheme of nonuniform sampling based on the mechanism of matched filter in coherent UWB systems. This scheme greatly reduces the average sampling rate with almost no system BER performance degradation and only a little change to the receiver circuit. The result of system simulation is in accord with theoretical analysis.
Gyrocompass is an important instrument of vessels, but its complex three-dimensional structure and principle of pointing towards the North is a bottleneck to gyrocompass learners. The sensitive element and follow-up element of Arma-Brown MK10 gyrocompass are simulated by virtual reality modeling language VRML. Three-dimensional interactive demonstrations of this gyrocompass' structure and principle of pointing towards the North are implemented. So learners will have a direct cognition to gyrocompass's structure and clearly understand the process of pointing towards the North stably of spin axis. The realization process of simulation in the virtual reality environment is described in detail and the relevant source codes are given.
Belt conveyor is one the most important equipments for bulk material transportation. Traditional static analysis methods can not meet the design requirements of the heavy-duty belt conveyor. In this study virtual prototyping (VP) technology is applied to virtual simulation of belt conveyor. The simplified prototype of belt conveyor is established by RecurDyn software. And the VP can simulate belt conveyor's dynamic characteristics when it runs in the virtual environment. The result of the simulation is in accord with the real working state of the belt conveyor. Furthermore, the belt's viscoelasticity and the regularity of belt tension are also verified by analyzing the simulative data. In conclusion, the dynamic simulation shows the correctness and the feasibility of the simplified VP of heavy-duty belt conveyor.
The combination of ANSYS and ADAMS can improve the precision of system simulation. In this paper, first, a cable-stayed space truss, consisting of stay cables, columns, and the space truss, is built in ANSYS. Second, the modal neutral file (mnf) needed in ADAMS is generated by executing the macro command &#x201C;ADAMS&#x201D; and then imported into ADAMS software. Third, the flexible body in the mnf file is connected to the rigid body built in ADAMS through the external nodes specified in ANSYS, and then the dynamic analysis can be carried out. Subsequently, the load file needed by ANSYS could be obtained by clicking on the menu &#x201C;File Export&#x201D;. Finally, the load file is imported into ANSYS software by the APDL language and the static analyses corresponding to different load steps are carried out. The simulation analysis shows a good performance and some results we are interested in are obtained.
The problem of determining the initial conditions for induction machine variables in a non-linear dynamic power system analysis is posed as an eigenvalue problem. The eigenvalue formulation can then be solved using standard linear algebra techniques. This method has the advantage of determining all possible solutions for the internal variables rather than the single solution obtained from traditional iterative methods. Additionally, the method can easily determine when the problem has no solutions through the absence of non-zero real eigenvalues.
Hardware-and-software full system co-verification and co-simulation in the early stage of SoC development, i.e., before HDL code synthesis, is usually a big challenge for design engineers. In this paper, we propose a QEMU-based full system simulation framework to tackle the problem faced with the design of an embedded multi-view 3D GPU (graphic processing unit). Through the framework, we are able to extensively explore the multi-view GPU architecture, and at the same time software designers can develop and debug the associated device drivers and graphics applications by simulating the GPU design in full system operation. This approach greatly improves the ESL design process and shortens the development time for the complex multi-view GPU system.
In this paper, a demonstrative technological implementation of a shipboard 2.15-MVA generation system is described, along with its modeling, numeric simulation, and some factory tests. The system, named Naval Package (NP), is part of a demonstrative program commissioned by Italian Navy for preliminary evaluations of medium-voltage dc supply technologies aimed at equipping its future vessels. The NP is made by a dual-star alternator, whose two stator three-phase windings feed two full-bridge diode rectifiers, respectively. The alternator (rated speed 6300 r/min) is designed to be moved by a 22 000-r/min gas turbine through a gearbox. This paper will present NP innovative issues, with reference to design solutions, operative requirements, dynamic modeling under normal and faulty conditions, and some factory tests.
This paper presents a methodology to obtain a discrete-time state-space representation of an electrical network using the nodal [<i>G</i>] matrix of the Electromagnetic Transients Program (EMTP) solution. Compared with conventional state-space solutions, the nodal EMTP solution is computationally very efficient. Compared with the phasor solutions used in transient stability analysis, the proposed approach may capture a wider range of eigenvalues and system operating states. An important advantage of extracting the system eigenvalues from the EMTP solution is the ability of the EMTP to follow the characteristics of nonlinearities. In addition, the algorithm can be used as a tool to identify network partitioning subsystems suitable for real-time hybrid power system simulator environments, including the implementation of multi-time-scale solutions. The proposed technique can be implemented as an extension of an EMTP-based simulator. Within our research group at UBC, it is aimed at extending the capabilities of our real-time PC-cluster Object Virtual Network Integrator (OVNI) simulator.
In light of the recent shift towards multi-core processor designs, dynamic power-management techniques that were designed for single-core microprocessors must be augmented with larger chip-level control. In this paper, we explore the design-tradeoffs associated with CMP power management solutions in a full-system simulation environment. We show that global power management solutions outperform solutions that locally manage power per-core. We then show that global power management is most effective at finer granularities that allow it to adapt to changing workload behavior and thus conclude that on-chip hardware solutions for CMP power management are an important consideration for future CMP microprocessors.
At present, the theory and technique of modeling and simulation mainly carry out special applications in emergent disaster. They are lacking in expansibility and inconsiderate to reusability and interoperability. So they can not satisfy the simulation training needs of material supply in emergent disaster. Firstly, the simulation entities of material supply in emergent disaster were analyzed. The simulation models were established based on Agent-DEVS. And the distributed interactive simulation was implemented based on HLA. Finally, the simulation test was put forward. The result shows that Agent-DEVS models may suitably describe intelligent and cooperative actions of material supply in emergent disaster. And HLA can enhance the reusability and interoperability of Agent-DEVS models. It lays the foundation for the development of simulation training of material supply in emergent disaster.
The steering smoothness of articulated dump truck is impacted directly by the flow, pressure and power of the hydraulic system. The main parameters of hydraulic steering system were studied by mathematical analysis and calculation in this paper. The results show that articulated dump truck constant power hydraulic steering system should be used to maintain a uniform steering. Research results provide a mathematical model for system simulation and a theoretical basis on design of the hydraulic system.
The high-speed railway is developing extraordinary fast in entire China, despite the theory is developed, the experience is lack in operation, the problem seeking and solving in the designing, construction and operation by system simulation can surely make positive effect on china high-speed railway construction, operation standard and employee quality. Based on the transportation organization theory, system engineering theory, system simulation theory and software engineering, the high-speed railway station simulation software system is studied, a universal software plan and structure is given which can be utilized in station designing, operation, digital station construction and employee training.
The simulation of physical processes represents a modern and efficient direction for multifunctional testing platforms. This paper will present a Process Control Simulator and its applications in system simulation. The Process Control Simulator can be used for students training as well as for the conception, simulation and improvement of control schemes in modern technologies. The simulation of industrial processes reduces the cost and the amount of time needed for deploying the system. The various types of applications, with different complexity factors, are associated with several functional masks. The Process Control Simulator uses a simulation block and a microcontroller for all the applications with different replaceable masks according to the desired application.
The basic principles of 5b/6b optical fiber transmission pattern was introduced briefly first. A 5B/6B CODEC design based on FPGA with the design requirements of the audio optical terminal and the detail design drawings and software simulation was given in the system. The simulation was achieved through the very high speed integrated circuit hardware description language and using schematic in top-down&#x02019;s way in EP2C35F672C8 chip in the development environment of QuartusII 7.2. The results showed that the design meet the requirements of 5b/6b encoding and decoding, which had a strong portability, flexible software design and a high operating speed, can be used in actual communication system.
In the general sliding mode control, often choose a hyperplane to make the system reach the sliding mode, the tracking error and gradual decay to zero, and the gradual convergence of the speed by selecting the sliding surface parameter matrix of arbitrary regulation, in spite of the state in any case tracking error will converge to zero in finite time, but also a certain degree of jitter. In order to obtain better performance, this paper presents a fuzzy-based Terminal sliding mode variable structure control, that is, the introduction of non-linear function of sliding hyperplane constructed Terminal side, while Terminal by adding fuzzy control regulation, Lyapunov proof and the final adoption of MATLAB-MIMO system simulation, the control strategy obtained has better robustness, stability and good control effect.
Doubly-Fed Induction Generators (DFIG) are commonly utilized in wind farms nowadays due to their advantages as compared with single-fed ones. Control complexities and their unique characteristics may, however, raise different problems during abnormal or faulty operating conditions. In this paper, an integrated simulation for DFIGs in wind farms is presented for protection application purposes in particular. The developed simulation describes the dynamic behavior of the DFIG in an interactive manner incorporating the interaction of the machine unit, the control system, rotor protection circuitry and the utilized Current Limiting Fuses (CLFs) simultaneously. CLF is modeled by aggregating the fusing action with the power system simulation running employing the S-M function with level-2 M-file code in MATLAB-Simulink. The developed simulation enables effectively to explore the behavior of the aforementioned units when working together in the field. Different simulation examples are illustrated to emphasize the broad abilities of the developed simulation.
Pursuing rapid simulation speed and requiring reflections on more circuit details are always contradictory in computer simulations, especially for those of complex circuits such as a distributed power system. Simplified models of power supply modules are expected to establish a balance between above two requirements in implementing inter-connected system simulations. After reviewing a previously published mathematical method that was aimed to facilitate the modeling process, this paper provides a practical example of applying this method to model a three-phase boost rectifier and verifies its validity by comparing the simulation and experiment results. The proposed models can find their applications in simulating multiple-module interconnected systems, such as that in the electronic design verification testing system.
This paper proposes the high-voltage high-frequency power supply for an ozone generator using a phase-shift pulse width modulation (PWM) full bridge inverter with constant applied electrode voltage. The circuit operation is fully described. The high-frequency transformer and ozone generator mathematical models are also included for preliminarily calculating of instantaneous voltages and currents. The proposed system simulation using the MATLAB/SIMULINK software package is given. In order to ensure that the zero voltage switch (ZVS) is always operated over a certain range of a frequency variation, a series-compensated resonant inductor is included. The advantage of the proposed system is a capability of varying ozone gas production quantity by varying the frequency and phase shift angle of the converter whilst the applied voltage to the electrodes is kept constant. The correctness of the proposed system is verified by both simulation and experimental results.
In order to enhance the fidelity of fight dynamic system simulation, this paper, according to the wind fields in practice, concerns mainly in the influence of down-burst and atmospheric turbulence, and proposes their mathematical models. To calculate out the dynamic turbulence, this paper purposed a new modeling method, based on the model of Von Karman which can not be used to simulate directly,instead of the model of Dryden before. By rationalizing Von Karman mode, the atmospheric turbulence is generated in real time to calculate out filter parameter. The analysis in frequency domain and simulation result in time domain show that this model has the better statistical characteristic than the Dryden 3-D model, and solve the realization problem in simulation of Von Karman model. The numerical analogue algorithm in this paper could be used in atmospheric dynamic motion equation, in order to make the simulation more reality in wind field, and it has some practical effect to the development of simulator.
This paper deals with the modelling and simulation of the dynamic behaviour of the complex heavy duty trains. The dynamic modelling of the drive train components is performed using the software tools specialized for the modelling of electrical and mechanical components. In order to perform a complete system simulation, the method of Co-simulation is used. As an example for the heavy duty drive train, belt conveyor drives used in open pit mines is considered. The electrical components are modelled using the software tool Matlab/Simulink&#x00AE;. The software tool ITI-Sim&#x00AE; is used for the modelling of mechanical components. The verification of the electrical and mechanical simulation model is carried out with the help of the measurements performed in an open pit mine. The simulated results are in good agreement with the measurement results. The paper concludes with the Co-simulation analysis of the three phase and two phase short circuit faults.
Cache is an important effect factor of total system performance of computer architecture. To provide references for the computer architecture designer, we put forward the relationship between the cache performance and cache parameters. Firstly, we described the main software simulation method, and analyzed various factors of effects on cache performance, and then carried out the simulation experiment of cache performance based on SimpleScalar tools set and SPEC2000 benchmark suite. We compared the effects on cache performance when cache size, cache block size and association are changed separately, and then we analyzed the experimental results in detail. The result is basically in keeping with the cache principle of architecture. At last we gave the reasonable cache parameters and conclusions.
A novel approach to achieve real-time protocol implementations is presented in this research. TWI, &#x03BC;C/OS-II, light sensor and our testing tools execute the protocol in the prediction and evaluation embedded systems of the light environment. The protocol is used by software simulation instead of TWI hardware. The method saves the hardware cost and brings the TWI protocol to a popular application. Furthermore this method is valid by validation test.
Since the liquid level control system of the two-container water tank is characterized by nonlinearity and timing-varying parameter, the paper, based on analysis of the limitation of conventional PID controller, adopts fuzzy logic and applies the control method of setting PID parameter by fuzzy rule to the two-container water tank liquid level system control to design a fuzzy PID controller and carries out online setting on three parameters of PID by MATLAB software simulation. The simulation test shows that the fuzzy PID controller is better than conventoinal PID controller in terms of performance and is able to effectively improve control effects.
Conventional duct design methods either fail to achieve pressure balance and ignore energy conservation in the actual running process. A feedback simulation method that contains system simulation and correction procedure is proposed. An acidity gas exhaust system in a semiconductor factory is presented in this study to understand the characteristics of the proposed method. The results demonstrate that the feedback simulation method improves efficiency of duct system design and facilitates the pressure balance of an exhaust duct system. It also provides the energy conservation strategies for the actual operating condition during the design stage.
A mobile Ad Hoc network (MANET) is made of mobile wireless nodes that can self-organize into a network automatically. Most of MANET research is made by using software simulations. However, experimental evaluations are also necessary, so network testbeds are built. A large-scale testbed is difficult to configure and manage. The design and implementation of the new desktop-size testbed is presented in this paper. RF signals travel through cable connections among Ad Hoc network devices in order to minimize the network medium in the testbed. The network performance is evaluated for different network cases, and results are presented.
This paper aims to introduce the potential of practical application of system simulations in establishing the areas of potential internal control weaknesses using an example of the software development company. The emphasis is placed on practical application of these methodologies in business environment.
Because of strong coupling, nonlinear, and time-varying characteristics, it is difficult to control complex spacecraft. By means of combining with controlled object dynamics and performance requirements, characteristic modeling and control approach is an effective way to solve this problem. Aimed at the flexible satellites described by using characteristic modeling approach, with the help of fuzzy rules, fuzzy dynamic characteristic modeling method and intelligent adaptive controller are designed to control this complex spacecraft. Meanwhile, based on the satellite system simulation platform, we validate the correctness and efficiency of the proposed modeling and control method by comparing with the simulation results of the other similar methods.
Looper control system based on inverse linear quadratic (ILQ) method, since the variable parameters are limited, it can not guarantee the decoupling control affection, meanwhile, because of changing of device model, it also can weak control affection. In connection with the problem above, combining model reference with ILQ control, the controller of looper control system by model-reference inverse linear quadratic (MR-ILQ) Method is designed. If the suitable referenced model and deviation compensator was fond, it can get ideal output in the MR-ILQ control system. finally,though control system simulation, it can get a conclusion that in contrast with ILQ control system, MR-ILQ control system has a good ability of decoupling and corresponding rate, even when the device model parameters changed, MR-ILQ control system reminds perfect control affection as before.
According to the basic structure of the aircraft landing gear, through the mechanical analysis, we established the mathematical model of the aircraft landing gear of semi-active damping system, and a linear interpolation method was applied in the fuzzy controller queries to adjust the PID parameters automatically. We have used the Matlab / Simulink control system simulation software for aircraft landing gear model computer simulation, and compared with conventional fuzzy PID landing gear shock absorber system. The results show that the aircraft landing gear with the linear interpolation fuzzy PID controller is better than conventional fuzzy PID landing gear shock absorber system in the slow landing, taxiing of the aircraft.
Aircraft landing environment has much influence on approach landing systems and it is a preferred way to perform a system simulation and prediction for system performance in the scattering environment to ensure security instead of performing flight inspection. Hybrid evaluation system for aircraft landing environment is firstly outlined, and then the hybrid model to simulate the systems considering the effect of environment is proposed and discussed. Multi-scattering effect is included in the model. Practical application example using the model to evaluate aircraft landing environment is presented, and results show the effectiveness of the hybrid evaluation system.
This paper presents a new approach to modelling automation systems based on the combination and mutual transformation of IEC61499 Function Blocks and MATLAB Simulink. The reason for such transformation is the natural complementarity of these two models: MATLAB Simulink/Stateflow provides a nice environment for modelling and simulation of control and embedded systems, while Function Blocks are good for designing distributed control systems. An integrated software simulation environment with this transformation ability between these two tools will lead to a solution for the validation need for Function Blocks. This paper uses a motor example to demonstrate the transformation from a Simulink model to a Function Block model in Function Block Development Kit (FBDK). We discuss important issues of model transformation, such as semantics mapping, execution priorities and some guidelines for this transformation approach. An observer approach is introduced in order to make comparison of the results. This approach can also be used as part of the software simulation environment with the transformation approach.
The stochastic Greenberg-Hastings cellular automaton is a model that mimics the propagation of reaction-diffusion waves in active media. Notably, this model undergoes a phase transition when the probability of excitation of a cell varies. We developed a specific FPGA design to study the critical behavior of this model. Using dedicated architectural optimizations, we obtain a significant speed-up with respect to software simulation for lattice sizes of 512&#x00D7;512. We exploited this speed-up to obtain improved estimations of the critical threshold. Our results indicate the existence of an asymptotic value of this threshold when the number of cell states increases.
In this paper, system simulation for indoor meshed ZigBee networks is presented. The behavior of the radio channel is evaluated by means of 3D ray tracing algorithms that has been developed in order to analyze interference in a scenario of coexistence of two ZigBee meshed networks which are adjacent one to the other in a particular indoor case. Due to the influence of the indoor environment, topological considerations are relevant in the overall evaluation of the meshed networks. The results aid in modeling the behavior ZigBee systems in arbitrary indoor environments, as well as in adequate planning of large sensor networks based on ZigBee.
Laboratory experiments provide hands on experience to students, thereby enhancing their understanding of the given topic. Often, due to lack of resources, interactive simulations of laboratory experiments are an attractive substitute. Simulations could be two dimensional (2D) or they could be three dimensional (3D). 3D has added advantages of multiple viewing angles, more realistic views with textures and lights, and cross-section walk-through.
In this paper we focus on improving the tests coverage of a Schneider Electric protection device using system modeling and simulation techniques. Our approach consists of modeling the device in its operating environment: Timed Transaction Level Models (T-TLM) for the digital parts, Matlab waveforms for the analog parts, and scripting language for the tests automation. This approach is applied on a medium voltage protection relay called Sepam10. This example is considered to be typical for a wide class of protection and safety devices at Schneider Electric, thus showing that the modeling approaches used in high complexity System On Chip (SoC) devices are also of great interest for power electronic control devices.
A new state of the art frequency analysis tool (FAPS) for modelling electric traction systems has been developed by TNEI as a joint development with Alstom Transport and SNCF. The objective is to significantly improve the harmonic modelling and frequency domain characterisation of electric rail networks. The sufficiently accurate modelling of both passive and active components is key to the creation of a practical system simulation tool and a number of simplification assumptions about the electromagnetic behaviour of rails are necessary in order to provide a practical tool for large system analysis. A high-resolution finite element (FE) analysis was carried out to evaluate the validity and applicability of these assumptions as part of this development process.
This paper describes a computer simulation technique that has been used to evaluate the effectiveness of wayside energy storage substations (WESS). Possible benefits afforded by a WESS, such as train voltage support and energy saving, are presented through the simulation results of a sample light rail transit system.
A visual simulation system for flight with virtual reality is designed and realized by OpenGL on Visual C++ platform. The flight environment virtual simulation system can simulate the flight rules in 3D space. In the system,the aircraft model is 3D and can be controlled. Also its poses can be displayed in 3D. The results of visual simulation show that this system is workable and effective. It is an important simulation environment for the study of the flight operation in the air and offers a very effective, economical means or approach for the research and development of other similar systems.
The virtual reality technology is applied to the background advertisement setting of sport stadiums in this paper. A three-dimensional virtual simulation environment for the background advertisement setting of sport stadiums is built, in which the constructing of virtual match scene and the setting of background advertisements are realized. The intuitive, three-dimensional and digital setting result of background advertisements can be saved and exhibited to the sport sponsors. In this way, the sport sponsors can get a visual understanding for the spatial location distribution and exposure values of their own background advertisements before the match. Consequently, the communication links can be reduced and the transaction cost can be lowered, which helps to the sport events negotiating and the sport events sponsors seeking.
In this paper a combined block cipher mode of operation is presented that provides an efficient authenticated encryption with associated-data (AEAD) security service for packet-based network communication. Using software simulation we show that our construct, called CYPHER-C3, achieves improvements in processing energy requirement, processing latency and packet throughput when benchmarked against the NIST recommended Counter with Cipher Block Chaining Message Authentication Code (CCM) scheme and the de facto wireless sensor network TinySec-AE scheme.
Based on Fischer modules and Pro/E software, the computer simulation technology and digital design technology are introduced into the practice teaching in the paper. It implements the digital design experiments of mechanical products based on fischertechnik model. Furthermore, it provides more comprehensive and challenging experiments to students, and gives students the complete platform to complete topic selection, product design and performance analysis. The platform can complete those projects that would be difficult to finish if on the other devices.
Present trend towards multiprocessor and multi-core architectures as well as programmable NICs (Network Interface Cards) provides new opportunities to exploit the available parallelism in the network interface design and implementation to cope with the high communication overhead required to take advantage of a multi-gigabit links. In this paper we have used dynamic web servers to evaluate several alternatives to distribute the network interface work among the different cores available in the node. These alternatives have been devised according to the affinity of the work to be done with the location (proximity to the memories where the different data structures are stored) and characteristics of the processing core. Improvements in the throughput (up to 110%), the response time (up to 500%) and the requests attended per second (up to 85%) have been observed in our experiments on dynamic web servers.
In this work authors investigate the use of Propagation Impairments Mitigation Techniques (PIMTs) based on site-diversity for Extremely High Frequencies (EHF) satellite links. 12 This work has been performed in the frame of the joint European/Italian satellite scientific payload named Alphasat TDP#5; this scientific payload will be used to perform experimental analysis on the use of Q/V band frequencies to support satellite telecommunication services. Because of the highly variable attenuation experienced at these frequencies, PIMTs have to be adopted. Site diversity techniques could provide great benefit to EHF satellite communications, dramatically increasing the percentage of operational time of the links. As a matter of fact, through these techniques a large number of services could be supported by EHF satellite links. Different site diversity configurations are analyzed and optimized, through a software simulation tool, in order to obtain the best performance for different service scenarios.
NASA Langley Research Center (LaRC) has developed a comprehensive test and analysis program to evaluate the ability of LS-DYNA to model the materials and the phenomena involved in soil and water landing impacts of the Orion crew module. 12Elemental, scale boilerplate, and full-scale prototype testing is being conducted in support of the simulation verification and validation approach. Aspects of the simulations evaluated against test data include soil constitutive properties, water equations of state, and contact algorithms. Subsystems tested include airbags, crushable energy absorbing honeycomb materials, and energy absorbing seat support struts. The procedures, instrumentation, and general observations from each test series are presented. Plans for a series of swing tests of a full-scale boilerplate into a purpose-built water basin are described. Further plans for swing tests of flight-like prototypes into the water basin are noted.
The scheduling algorithm is the key technology for the radio resource management. In order to match time-varying network environment, we introduce the conceptions of self-adaptation and multi-objective into the proposed scheduling method. There, Node B uses several parameters to calculate the scheduling priority. At the same time, the genetic algorithm is used to adjust the Weights of multi-objective scheduling algorithm in the background. The system simulation results prove that the scheme improves the system flexibility in time-varying network environment.
In this paper we investigate the utility of an interactive, desktop-based virtual reality (VR) system for training personnel in hazardous working environments. Employing a novel software model, CRAM (Course Resource with Active Materials), we asked participants to learn a specific aircraft maintenance task. The evaluation sought to identify the type of familiarization training that would be most useful prior to hands on training, as well as after, as skill maintenance. We found that participants develop an increased awareness of hazards when training with stimulating technology &#x2014; in particular (1) interactive, virtual simulations and (2) videos of an instructor demonstrating a task &#x2014; versus simply studying (3) a set of written instructions. The results also indicate participants desire to train with these technologies over the standard written instructions. Finally, demographic data collected during the evaluation elucidates future directions for VR systems to develop a more robust and stimulating hazard training environment.
Ideally, system-level simulation should provide a high simulation speed with sufficient timing details for both functional verification and performance evaluation. However, existing cycle-accurate (CA) and cycle-approximate (CX) processor models either incur low simulation speeds due to excessive timing details or low accuracy due to simplified timing models. To achieve high simulation speeds while maintaining timing accuracy of the system simulation, we propose a first cycle-count-accurate (CCA) processor modeling approach which pre-abstracts internal pipeline and cache into models with accurate cycle count information and guarantees accurate timing and functional behaviors on processor interface. The experimental results show that the CCA model performs 50 times faster than the corresponding CA model while providing the same execution cycle count information as the target RTL model.
IEEE 802.15.4 networks are promising solutions for wireless personal area networks, and in particular for wireless home area networks. IEEE 802.15.4 has numerous applications in fields such as energy management and home automation. However, real-world trials with 802.15.4 devices are difficult because of the characteristics of these devices (small dimensions, wireless communication), and the potentially large size of the network. We present in this paper an IEEE 802.15.4 network emulation testbed that makes possible repeatable and controllable live experiments with 802.15.4-based devices. The testbed is built by extending the functionality of the wireless network emulation testbed named QOMB with 802.15.4 PHY and MAC layer capabilities, as well as 802.15.4 device processor emulation. We illustrate the usability of the 802.15.4 network emulation testbed with a case study of home networking used for automation related to environment control.
Communication in distributed simulations is highly relevant due to latencies cumulatively introduced in the execution time of such simulations; these latencies are caused by the transfer of data throughout networks. High-Level Architecture (HLA) is a well-known standard used to organize and keep the consistency of distributed virtual simulations. Nevertheless, although the HLA framework presents solutions to decrease communication overhead for simulations, it does not solve the communication issues that are pertinent to the network distances among federates and the Run-Time Infrastructure (RTI) in large-scale environments. Due to the relevance of load balancing for distributed simulations, many solutions have been proposed, but such approaches just consider communication load partially in their schemes or are limited. To minimize the communication overhead of HLA distributed simulations, a hierarchical dynamic balancing scheme composed of three phases was designed; however, even though the balancing scheme reacts properly to run-time load changes, its load analysis does detect all the imbalances after measuring simulations' communication load. Thus, an extension is proposed to improve the detection of communication imbalances, as well as the redistribution of federates, so the balancing scheme can better react to communication load measurements gathered from each federate. To observe the benefits of the proposed communication balancing scheme and its extension, extensive large-scale experiments were realized. The results show that the scheme reduces considerably the amount of communication overhead, and the extension enables the detection of communication imbalances by modifying the decision-making technique in the balancing system.
Converting the frequency response of a network into an equivalent time-domain circuit is a common task in several fields, such as power system simulations. A few good methods, such as the vector fitting method, have been proposed to do the conversion. Unfortunately, these methods sometimes produce non-passive equivalent circuits which are hard to realize in time domain or can lead to unstable simulations. In order to address the concern, this paper proposes a new conversion method for single-input single-output systems with guaranteed passivity for the resulting circuit. The basic idea of the proposed method is to represent the equivalent circuit as a matrix with varying dimension and unknown values. Genetic algorithm is then applied to find the values and dimension by minimizing the errors between the desired frequency response and that produced by the equivalent circuit. Since the equivalent circuit consists of only passive elements, the circuit passivity is always guaranteed. Details of the problem formulation and the solution algorithms are presented in this paper. Performance of the proposed method has been confirmed by several case studies.
This paper presents the investigation of a novel capacitor-charging power supply through inertial energy storage of a homopolar inductor alternator (HIA). The structure of a new 18/16-pole HIA is proposed, and we introduce the theory and advantages of HIA. The characteristics of the static magnetic field distributions are calculated by finite-element analysis, and a basic mathematic model of HIA is set up. We propose an efficient and stable capacitor-charging circuit topology to meet the requirements of this system. A functional model of the key device, namely, IGCT, is also established. Finally, we verify its feasibility and advantages through analysis of the system simulation.
Matpower is an open-source Matlab-based power system simulation package that provides a high-level set of power flow, optimal power flow (OPF), and other tools targeted toward researchers, educators, and students. The OPF architecture is designed to be extensible, making it easy to add user-defined variables, costs, and constraints to the standard OPF problem. This paper presents the details of the network modeling and problem formulations used by Matpower, including its extensible OPF architecture. This structure is used internally to implement several extensions to the standard OPF problem, including piece-wise linear cost functions, dispatchable loads, generator capability curves, and branch angle difference limits. Simulation results are presented for a number of test cases comparing the performance of several available OPF solvers and demonstrating Matpower's ability to solve large-scale AC and DC OPF problems.
This study presents the analysis and the experimental results of a 2.4 GHz antenna array using vector modulators working as active phase shifters for beamforming. With the use of such an active phase shifter, a continuously controlled 3608 phase shifting range can be achieved leading to an efficient beamforming architecture. To show the robustness of this system, a theoretical analysis is first performed in order to quantify the impact of vector modulators I/Q mismatch on the obtained gains and phase shifts. In the same way, the impact of the vector modulators noisy command voltages is also quantified by system simulations. The experimental results of the 2.4 GHz vector modulators show a maximum relative gain error close to 2.5%and an absolute phase error less than 38. The measured 1 dB output compression point is 26 dBm. Measurements of the prototype including an array of four 'patch' antennas controlled by the vector modulators were also performed in an anechoic chamber. The results show good agreement between measured and theoretical radiation patterns.
A novel approach is promoted for fuzzy neural ship controllers. A RBF neural network and GA optimization are employed in a fuzzy neural controller to deal with the nonlinearity, time varying and uncertain factors. Utilizing the designed network to substitute the conventional fuzzy inference, the rule base and membership functions can be auto-adjusted by GA optimization. The parameters of neural network can be decreased by using union-rule configuration in the hidden layer of the network. The performance of controller is evaluated by the system simulation conducted with Simulink tools, by which satisfied results have been obtained.
A physical model that accounts for the transportation of water in both vapor and liquid phases is useful for the design of water management scheme in a proton exchange membrane fuel cell (PEMFC) system. A 1-D, two-phase PEMFC model that offers both a very short simulation time and a realistic capture of the physical behavior of PEMFC is developed. The presence of liquid water in the cathode gas diffusion layer is modeled by using a simplified treatment of the mass balance of water. The simulation results are compared to the published experimental data and a satisfactory agreement is obtained. The proposed model is used to predict the cell performance under various operating conditions, and its capability to predict an abrupt fall in the cell voltage under flooding condition is demonstrated. The model equations developed, except for the average liquid water saturation, are analytical and require a minimal computational effort, hence reduces the overhead time in PEMFC power system simulations.
Smart grid is an intelligent power generation, distribution, and control system. ZigBee, as a wireless mesh networking scheme low in cost, power, data rate, and complexity, is ideal for smart grid applications, e.g., real-time system monitoring, load control, and building automation. Unfortunately, almost all ZigBee channels overlap with wireless local area network (WLAN) channels, resulting in severe performance degradation due to interference. In this paper, we aim to develop practical ZigBee deployment guideline under the interference of WLAN. We identify the 鈥淪afe Distance鈥?and 鈥淪afe Offset Frequency鈥?using a comprehensive approach including theoretical analysis, software simulation, and empirical measurement. In addition, we propose a frequency agility-based interference avoidance algorithm. The proposed algorithm can detect interference and adaptively switch nodes to 鈥渟afe鈥?channel to dynamically avoid WLAN interference with small latency and small energy consumption. Our proposed scheme is implemented with a Meshnetics ZigBit Development Kit and its performance is empirically evaluated in terms of the packet error rate (PER) using a ZigBee and Wi-Fi coexistence test bed. It is shown that the empirical results agree with our analytical results. The measurements demonstrate that our design guideline can efficiently mitigate the effect of WiFi interference and enhance the performance of ZigBee networks.
Multimedia decoders mapped onto MPSoC platforms exhibit degraded video quality when the critical system resources such as buffer and processor frequency are constrained. Hence, it is essential for system designers to find the appropriate mix of resources, living within the constraints, for a desired output video quality. A naive approach to do this would be to run expensive system simulations of the decoder tasks mapped onto a model of the underlying MPSoC architecture. This turns out to be inefficient when the input video library set has a large number of video clips. We propose a fast hybrid simulation framework to quantitatively estimate decoded video quality in the context of an MPEG-2 decoder. Here, the workload of simulation heavy tasks are estimated using accurate analytical models. The workload of other light (but difficult to analytically model) tasks are obtained from system simulations. This framework enables the system designer to perform a fast trade-off analysis of the system resources in order to choose the optimal combination of resources for the desired video quality. When compared to a naive system simulation approach, the hybrid simulation-based framework shows speed-up factors of about 5&#x00D7; for motion and 8&#x00D7; for still videos. The results obtained using this framework highlight important trade-offs such as the decoded video quality (measured in terms of the peak signal to noise ratio (PSNR)) vs buffer size and PSNR vs processor frequency.
Efficient design of large multiprocessor embedded systems requires fast, early performance modeling techniques. Native co-simulation has been proposed as a fast solution for evaluating systems in early design steps. Annotated SW execution can be performed in conjunction with a virtual model of the HW platform to generate a complete system simulation. To obtain sufficiently accurate performance estimations, the effect of all the system components, as processor caches, must be considered. ISS-based cache models slow down the simulation speed, greatly reducing the efficiency of native-based co-simulations. To solve the problem, cache modeling techniques for fast native co-simulation have been proposed, but only considering instruction-caches. In this paper, a fast technique for datacache modeling is presented, together with the instrumentation required for its application in native execution. The model allows the designer to obtain cache hit/miss rate estimations with a speed-up of two orders of magnitude with respect to ISS. Miss rate estimation error remains below 5%for representative examples.
This paper presents simulation and hardware implementation of incremental conductance (IncCond) maximum power point tracking (MPPT) used in solar array power systems with direct control method. The main difference of the proposed system to existing MPPT systems includes elimination of the proportional鈥搃ntegral control loop and investigation of the effect of simplifying the control circuit. Contributions are made in several aspects of the whole system, including converter design, system simulation, controller programming, and experimental setup. The resultant system is capable of tracking MPPs accurately and rapidly without steady-state oscillation, and also, its dynamic performance is satisfactory. The IncCond algorithm is used to track MPPs because it performs precise control under rapidly changing atmospheric conditions. MATLAB and Simulink were employed for simulation studies, and Code Composer Studio v3.1 was used to program a TMS320F2812 digital signal processor. The proposed system was developed and tested successfully on a photovoltaic solar panel in the laboratory. Experimental results indicate the feasibility and improved functionality of the system. Index Terms Available to subscribers and IEEE members. References Available to subscribers and IEEE members. Citing Documents Available to subscribers and IEEE members.
This paper studies the effectiveness of reactive power compensation using a multilevel, hexagram-converter-based STATic COMpensator (STATCOM) with one-cycle control (OCC) for a wind farm with fixed-speed turbines, and the interaction with the power system network. Comparison is made with several common types of multilevel voltage source converters used for STATCOM applications. A new voltage control method based on OCC principles for hexagram-based STATCOMs is proposed and proven by a wind farm power system simulation showing the improvement of voltage variations caused by wind speed changes. The experimental results from tests of a small-scale hexagram converter prototype have verified the proposed converter and control method. Index Terms Available to subscribers and IEEE members. References Available to subscribers and IEEE members. Citing Documents Available to subscribers and IEEE members.
This paper investigates the use of a superconducting magnetic energy storage (SMES) unit to improve the performance of an ac/dc power system. In this context, investigations have been conducted on a large turbine-generator unit connected to a high-voltage direct current (HVDC) system. The impact of HVDC converter station faults on the torsional torques induced in turbine-generator shafts with and without using an SMES unit is elaborated. Faults considered are fire-through, misfire, short circuit across the inverter station, flashover, and a three-phase short circuit in the ac system. These investigations are studied using an electromagnetic transient program power system simulation/electromagnetic transients including DC (PSCAD/EMTDC) and the results are presented in the form of typical time responses as well as harmonic analysis.
Developing a precise system simulation model is a critical step in the design and analysis of optimal control strategies for a switched reluctance motor (SRM). To achieve this objective, the following works have been done in this paper. 1) A 3-D FEA model based on double scalar magnetic potential method (DSMP) is developed for obtaining the distributions of SRM magnetic field, then the flux linkage characteristics are calculated by using enhanced incremental energy method (EIEM). 2) In order to enhance modeling accuracy of the nonlinear flux linkage, a new RBF neural network with boundary value constraints (BVC-RBF) is used for approximating, based on the calculated flux linkage data. 3) The nonlinear BVC-RBF based simulation model of the SRM system is established for dynamic analysis with the power system block (PSB) modules of Matlab/simulink. 4) Simulation and experimental results are presented and compared for model validation. The validation study indicates that the developed model is highly accurate.
This paper presents modeling guidelines and a benchmark system for power system simulation studies of grid-connected, three-phase, single-stage Photovoltaic (PV) systems that employ a voltage-sourced converter (VSC) as the power processor. The objective of this work is to introduce the main components, operation/protection modes, and control layers/schemes of medium- and high-power PV systems, to assist power engineers in developing circuit-based simulation models for impact assessment studies, analysis, and identification of potential issues with respect to the grid integration of PV systems. Parameter selection, control tuning, and design guidelines are also briefly discussed. The usefulness of the benchmark system is demonstrated through a fairly comprehensive set of test cases, conducted in the PSCAD/EMTDC software environment. However, the models and techniques presented in this paper are independent of any specific circuit simulation software package. Also, they may not fully conform to the methods exercised by all manufacturers, due to the proprietary nature of the industry.
An approach to partition power system simulations formulated in mesh currents as variables is presented. Time-domain simulations of large-scale power systems are notoriously slow owing to the system order and amount of time-varying components. A common approach to reduce simulation run-time is to partition power systems using Bergeron's travelling-wave model and to simulate the subsystems on a distributed computer. In this study, power systems are partitioned using a new mesh tearing approach, and the subsystems distributed across the cores of a quad-core computer. A notional shipboard power system model was partitioned using the proposed partitioning approach, which is used to show how the simulation run-time reduces as a function of the number of partitions and number of power converters.
The scheduling algorithm is the key technology for the radio resource management. In order to match time-varying network environment, we introduce the conceptions of self-adaptation and multi-objective into the proposed scheduling method. There, Node B uses several parameters to calculate the scheduling priority. At the same time, the genetic algorithm is used to adjust the Weights of multi-objective scheduling algorithm in the background. The system simulation results prove that the scheme improves the system flexibility in time-varying network environment.
This paper deals with the design, manufacturing, and test of a three-axis magnetic field simulator for space applications. The main aim of this simulator is to reproduce the orbital magnetic field conditions in a definite volume. The simulator makes it possible to carry out the ground calibration campaign of the satellite magnetic sensors and can be used in attitude control system simulations that exploit "hardware in the loop" devices. An overview of the mechanical and electronics design of the system is given; the mathematical model of the expected field is also discussed, achieving design constraints to get the largest homogeneous magnetic field volume. Moreover, test campaign results regarding magnetic field homogeneity are depicted and compared with those expected in theory.
This paper studies real-time estimation of stability margin of a power system under disturbances by continuous measurement data. The paper presents a ball-on-concave-surface (BOCS) mechanics system as a power system's adaptive equivalent representing its real-time status and the stability region about a monitored variable. The parameters of the equivalent are adaptive to the operating condition and can online be identified from the phase-plane trajectories of the monitored variable. Accordingly, the stability margin and risk of instability can be estimated. Case studies on a two-generator system and a 179-bus system show that the BOCS system can be applied either locally or for wide-area stability monitoring in real-time calculation of stability margin. This paper proposes a new idea for using real-time measurements to develop and identify a power system's adaptive equivalent as a basis for online prediction of instability.
In this paper we investigate the utility of an interactive, desktop-based virtual reality (VR) system for training personnel in hazardous working environments. Employing a novel software model, CRAM (Course Resource with Active Materials), we asked participants to learn a specific aircraft maintenance task. The evaluation sought to identify the type of familiarization training that would be most useful prior to hands on training, as well as after, as skill maintenance. We found that participants develop an increased awareness of hazards when training with stimulating technology &#x2014; in particular (1) interactive, virtual simulations and (2) videos of an instructor demonstrating a task &#x2014; versus simply studying (3) a set of written instructions. The results also indicate participants desire to train with these technologies over the standard written instructions. Finally, demographic data collected during the evaluation elucidates future directions for VR systems to develop a more robust and stimulating hazard training environment.
Ideally, system-level simulation should provide a high simulation speed with sufficient timing details for both functional verification and performance evaluation. However, existing cycle-accurate (CA) and cycle-approximate (CX) processor models either incur low simulation speeds due to excessive timing details or low accuracy due to simplified timing models. To achieve high simulation speeds while maintaining timing accuracy of the system simulation, we propose a first cycle-count-accurate (CCA) processor modeling approach which pre-abstracts internal pipeline and cache into models with accurate cycle count information and guarantees accurate timing and functional behaviors on processor interface. The experimental results show that the CCA model performs 50 times faster than the corresponding CA model while providing the same execution cycle count information as the target RTL model.
In the development process of electrical drive trains, consisting of a motor, the power electronics and the control scheme, it is difficult to predict the exact machine and control behavior in combination with the converter. Therefore, system simulations with analytical machine models embedded in a circuit simulation environment are performed. In order to increase accuracy by paying attention to parasitic machine effects caused by e.g. saturation or slot harmonics, a Finite Element model can be used instead of the analytical machine model. In this paper such a field-circuit coupling is applied to the simulation of a permanent magnet synchronous machine servo drive and the results are shown and discussed.
VDMOS devices with high voltage and high current are widely used in power semiconductor devices, the microelectronics and power electronics technology. In this paper, the failure properties of VDMOS devices have been investigated by temperature cycling experiment and finite element software simulation. The experiment results show that some electric properties of devices degenerate and there are some cracks on the chip surface after high and low temperature cycling. The main failure mechanism is caused by heat and thermal stress, which have a great impact on the reliability of the devices. In order to study the failure property of VDMOS device under the thermal cycles, a three-dimensional model is established and simulated by ANSYS. The simulation results show that, after applied temperature cycling field, as to thermal expansion mismatching among the components of devices, it will give rise to accumulation plastic strain and stress inner device. The dangerous section of the device is on the interface of chip and adhesive layer. The thickness of substrate and adhesive layer affect heat dissipation of device. The simulation results are in good agreement with experimental ones.
This paper presented the design and implementation solution of virtual simulation experiment software in .NET framework environment. An OPC client was realized by C# programming language in the program, and communicated with the OPC server based on COM. By using LINQ technology to access SQL server database, simulation controlled objects library was built. Communication between C# application and Flash simulation object was also researched in this work. The experimental result shows that the virtual simulation experiment software is convenient to experiment management, data access, improve the quality of PLC experiment and reduce cost at the same time.
A CODOG system simulation model is built in Matlab/SIMULINK environment, and the model is integrated and improved by using MFC. Then the simulation model is validated by trail data of the ship at sea. Two different 鈥渆ngine-CPP鈥?associated control approaches of accelerating process are proposed, and each approach is simulated and designed. The simulation result shows that adopting the accelerating approach in which the increase rates of engine speed and pitch are changeable, the flexibility of the ship accelerating process will improved remarkably. At last the practicability of this approach is discussed.
In this study, we have proposed a partition dummy sequence insertion (PDSI) method to reduce the high peak-to-average power ratio (PAPR) problem for the Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM) signal in the 802.11a WLAN with space-time block coding (STBC) system. The results show that the proposed STBC-PDSI method can avoid the BER degradation for different nonlinearity and the saturation point from the system simulation.
Static Synchronous Compensator (STATCOM) is one of the key device and key technology of FACTS. It can not only compensate the reactive power of electric power system, but also improve the property of steady state and dynamic state. This paper presents a STATCOM based on controlled reactor because of the STATCOM being used at present has some disadvantages. Then it can compensate much more reactive power more flexibly. Firstly, the development of STATCOM and controlled reactor are expounded. The advantages and disadvantages among three kinds STATCOM are compared. Secondly, the STATCOM topology structure based on multilevel inverters and controlled reactor is introduced. Thirdly, the control method between multilevel inverters and controlled reactor is analyzed. At last, the system simulation with MATLAB verifies the feasibility and validity.
This paper established mathematical model based on control theory for electro-hydraulic position servo system, used Simulink to simulate system model, and applied M files and module mask function to simplify the system simulation process. This electro-hydraulic position servo system adopted PID controller. The PID control is the abbreviation of proportion, integral and differential control, its value depends on its widely applicable for most of the control system, especially when the mathematical model of the controlled object is known, PID control could be particularly useful. This paper applied digital PID to get ideal system dynamic performance by adjusting the PID parameters. This paper proposed a method that provides a reference for other control systems analysis and design.
This paper analyzes the basic structure of the trunking communication system in CERS (City Emergency Response System), meanwhile it analyzes the signal transmission characteristics of the trunking communication system in CERS, in order to overcome the shortcoming of the traditional trunking communication system in CERS, the author proposes the method of comprehensive application of error-correcting coding and diversity reception to reduce the error rate in the communication process and establish a system simulation model, the analysis data showed that the trunking communication system in CERS has been gotten a certain optimization.
Arc is one of the most common phenomenon in power system, most of the phenomenon are related to arc phenomena. However, most of software used in the power system simulation do not include arc model, makes it difficult to arc related study, for example circuit breaker and magnetic transient phenomenon. This paper introduced several commonly used black box Arc Model in over-voltage study, analyzed the physical meaning of these models, and described the realization of black box Arc model in Matlab software with example of Mayr and Cassie model. In Matlab mainly use signal flow method and theequation ware achieved by math expression. So this study has an important theory and engineering significance.
IEEE 802.15.4 networks are promising solutions for wireless personal area networks, and in particular for wireless home area networks. IEEE 802.15.4 has numerous applications in fields such as energy management and home automation. However, real-world trials with 802.15.4 devices are difficult because of the characteristics of these devices (small dimensions, wireless communication), and the potentially large size of the network. We present in this paper an IEEE 802.15.4 network emulation testbed that makes possible repeatable and controllable live experiments with 802.15.4-based devices. The testbed is built by extending the functionality of the wireless network emulation testbed named QOMB with 802.15.4 PHY and MAC layer capabilities, as well as 802.15.4 device processor emulation. We illustrate the usability of the 802.15.4 network emulation testbed with a case study of home networking used for automation related to environment control.
We describe a method for the visual interactive simulation of wires contacting with rigid multibodies. The physical model used is a hybrid combining lumped elements and massless quasistatic representations. The latter is based on a kinematic constraint preserving the total length of the wire along a segmented path which can involve multiple bodies simultaneously and dry frictional contact nodes used for roping, lassoing, and fastening. These nodes provide stick and slide friction along the edges of the contacting geometries. The lumped element resolution is adapted dynamically based on local stability criteria, becoming coarser as the tension increases, and up to the purely kinematic representation. Kinematic segments and contact nodes are added, deleted, and propagated based on contact geometries and dry friction configurations. The method gives a dramatic increase in both performance and robustness because it quickly decimates superfluous nodes without loosing stability, yet adapts to complex configurations with many contacts and high curvature, keeping a fixed, large integration time step. Numerical results demonstrating the performance and stability of the adaptive multiresolution scheme are presented along with an array of representative simulation examples illustrating the versatility of the frictional contact model.
Facing with the problems of global environment and the shortage of natural resources, the design methods of reconstruction and reuse of old buildings need to be studied urgently. Flaws in building-design often caused irreparable economical damage, if the advanced science and technology and the relevant data can be applied in construction, then, the objectivity and scientificity of design will be improved greatly. Through the reuse design of State Key Laboratory, this paper primarily discusses the supporting effect of the computer simulation technology on the design of building reconstruction.
This paper introduces a new set of compact interactive simulations developed for the constructive learning of computer networks concepts. These simulations, which compose a virtual laboratory implemented as portable Java applets, have been created by combining EJS (Easy Java Simulations) with the KivaNS API. Furthermore, in this work, the skills and motivation level acquired by the students are evaluated and measured when these simulations are combined with Moodle and SCORM (Sharable Content Object Reference Model) documents. This study has been developed to improve and stimulate the autonomous constructive learning in addition to provide timetable flexibility for a Computer Networks subject.
This paper presents the modeling and simulation work completed in the project sponsored by ONR grant N00014-08-C-0227. The project is to investigate new design concepts of all-electric ship integrated power systems (IPS) and to develop PEBB-based converter models that will represent the existing commercially available products with adequate details and interfaces to allow them to be used in various power system simulation studies. The main achievements on PEBB based converter modeling and simulation studies are described.
In this paper, the computer modeling of a next generation integrated power system (NG IPS) for ships using a commercially available power system simulation software called PSCAD, Power System Computer Aided Design, was discussed. Both medium voltage (MV) and low voltage (LV) levels were modeled in detail. Moreover, cable lengths were determined by ship dimension and load location, and different paths for LV vital loads were incorporated. Control strategies for generators, propulsion motors as well as all power converters were implemented. Case studies showed the transient responses of power variations of the propulsion motor as well as supply path changes to LV vital loads. This test bed allows advanced system studies at the component and system level.
Low power demonstrators are commonly used to validate novel control algorithms. However, the response of the demonstrator to network transients and faults is often unexplored. The importance of this work has, in the past, justified facilities such as the T45 Shore Integration Test Facility (SITF) at the Electric Ship Technology Demonstrator (ESTD). This paper presents the use of real time digital simulation and hardware in the loop to de-risk a innovative control algorithm with respect to network transients and faults. A novel feature of the study is the modelling of events at the power electronics level (time steps of circa 2 渭s) and the system level (time steps of circa 50 渭s).
Different steps are necessary to develop power-electronic systems (PES): After the concept is chosen, the controller is designed using software simulations. The control is implemented and tested on the dedicated PES. However, a successful final test requires that the controller hardware is interacting with the PES properly. For this, a real-time simulator suits best which allows to verify the function of the controller hard- and software in real-time. This is realized by simulating the entire controlled system - including the power electronics - by means of state-space equations. Furthermore, it is possible to verify the generation of the switching-signals independent of the simulation. The proposed real-time simulator offers the possibility to test the full control hardware. On the one hand side, the control algorithms can be assessed regarding quality and time expense. On the other hand, the proper operation of the switching-signal generation can be tested without endangering the costly PES.
Constant pressure water supply for the pumping station complex large time delay system, traditional PID control is difficult to ensure that any working condition always have a good control performance and fast response. These papers presents speed control system of constant pressure pump unit using fuzzy self-tuning PID control strategy, in order to achieve real-time tuning of PID parameters, and design a fuzzy self tuning PID controller. Constant parameters of the actual pumping station based on a model in Matlab / Simulink simulation model built in the simulation results show that the fuzzy self-tuning PID controller with the output response than the traditional PID fast adjustment time is short, no overshoot, steady-state, high precision, right parameters has strong robustness, etc., can be a good solution to a complex pump-delay system problems.
High-performance processor architectures are moving toward the integration of more processing cores on a single chip. PCs and parallel computer systems will have higher computing performance. It is very meaningful for power system simulation, online stability assessment and control. But traditional serial and parallel software can not fully exploit multi-core's capability without parallelizing restructure. In this paper, parallel simulation algorithms are analyzed and software restructure strategies are studied for multi-core processor platforms. The research indicates that: (1) For PCs, implicit parallel strategy with OpenMP is easier to implement and explicit parallel strategy with MPI or Pthreads is more adaptable to large-scale system simulation. (2) For clusters and distributed systems, MPI+OpenMP hybrid programming is convenient and multilevel partitioning is potential. Both methods provide better speedup.
Methods for test and factor analysis of system simulation results are presented in this paper. With small sample of experiment results, the methods can not only effectively solve the problem of correctness and creditability of simulation results, but also analyze the effects of each factor and their interaction. In this way, the methods can guide the modeling and modification of simulation system.
The credibility of system simulation models has a direct influence on its reliability, security and combination property, and dynamic consistency test of validating simulation models is a hotspot and difficulty in the fields of system simulation. According to the results of comparison analysis of three main test methods, namely Theil's Inequality Coefficient method (TIC), spectrum analysis method and distance test method, it can be concluded that distance test method can realize quantitative test and has no limitation for test data in the time domain, and reach a high credibility of test results. At the same time, the comparison conclusion is beneficial to choosing rational methods for concrete simulation results and giving advices for forming national standards in the future.
Fault simulation is one of the main components of dynamic electric power system simulation programs. In this work, a fault-branch based admittance matrix was used to simulate a variety of multiple symmetrical or asymmetrical faults in unified dynamic power system simulation software. Admittance matrix contraction was employed to process multiple faults and random faults. An important feature of this method is its ability to process any faults in a branch without the addition of new branches or nodes, which improves the calculation efficiency and the usability of the software.
This paper gives an overview of the SCERNE project, started in February 2008 for a duration of 3 years. The main objective is to allow significant advances in the CAD tools dedicated to RxTx radar chains. From circuit to system, a CAD platform gives a unified solution for efficient bottom-up analysis, allowing to extract advanced behavioral models of RF blocks, to use them in accurate DataFlow or ControlFlow subsystem simulations and finally to generate a compatible code with high level existing Radar tools (SAFAR / ASTRAD). This collaborative research project federates Xlim and Ims Labs (behavioral modeling of RF and Mixed blocks), Inria (ScicosLab tool and code generation process), Thales (radar design) and IPSIS (software & hardware development).
In this paper we present the design, implementation and experimental validation of a FPGA based position servo controller for a DC motor with dry friction. VHDL and block diagram modules for trajectory generation, encoder signal decoding, PI controller and PWM control signal generation are described. The control system is implemented in the DE3 board of Terasic Technologies Inc using Quartus II environment of Altera Corporation. Servo system simulation was made using Simulink. The analytical non linear model for the anti-windup saturation on the integral control action, saturation on the actuator and dry friction is validated through experiments and simulations.
In this paper a 5Gb/s equalizer has been presented. It is designed to operate within USB 3.0 transceiver and compensates for frequency dependent losses introduced by transmission channel. For the reference signal, the clock and data recovery circuit has been used. This approach allowed to minimize the equalizer components. Critical equalizer building blocks have been implemented in GLOBALFOUNDRIES 65 nm Low Power CMOS technology. Other blocks are modeled in hardware description language. Mixed-signal system simulation results show full functionality of the proposed solution.
The purpose of the work presented in this study is related to the performances analysis of a solar chimney power plant in the south western region of Algeria. Obtained results showed that the generated power, by this system, depends on the solar radiation, the ambient temperature, the height of the tower and the surface of the collector. The efficiency of the collector and the turbine has a significant role in the improvement of the system performances.
This paper presents an approach to the design of a low cost positioning system aided by inertial sensors. Low cost inertial sensors can be used in the positioning system by applying a new sensor selection criterion and an integration algorithm. The integrated navigation system is designed using a positioning error estimator. When low precision inertial sensors are selected, the design is able to quantify GPS errors and inertial sensors' position data using their frequency domain attributes. The estimator design approach is demonstrated using system simulations and experiments.
The design, simulation and measurements of an on-chip Mach-Zehnder interferometer operating in the microwave regime are described. Using microwave signals in microfabricated superconducting Al waveguides, the concept of an interferometer is transferred from optics to on-chip. Tuning of the path length of one of the interferometer arms is executed through the tunable inductance of a SQUID. By placing one or more SQUIDs in the waveguide structure and by varying the magnetic flux through the SQUID loop, the total SQUID inductance can be tuned. In this way, a phase difference leading to destructive or constructive interference at the interferometer output can be achieved. Thorough software simulations were performed to determine the different design parameters, assign a desired working frequency and provide a reference for comparison with experimental results. Measurements at 300 mK show an effective working frequency close to the simulations, with a deviation smaller than 0.05 GHz. The behavior of the interferometer is very similar to the simulations as well. The on-off ratio exceeds 40 dB.
Firstly, the river system simulation theory has been studied. Using the InfoWorks RS, the river system flood control information digital management model was established. Next the suitable case of the management model has been expounded. This model has simulated calibration flood. The management model can manage regional flood quickly and effectively, and realize runoff regulation. It will be play a very important part in reducing heavy loss of properties and life downstream of the river and in making flood control decision.
Theoretical mechanics for teaching abstract concepts exist, the result is not intuitive problem, computer simulation technology into teaching them to, help students understand and absorb knowledge, improve teaching efficiency. Encourage students to learn by analogy, the operating results visualization to enhance students programming skills and creative ability.
Computer simulation technique used in Physics Experiment has changed the traditional model of experiment teaching. It solves the problem of the shortage of teaching resources and it is helpful for the students to carry out the opening study. Meanwhile, a few disadvantages of Computer Simulation Experiment have been mentioned. The opening and simulation degree of the simulation system needs to be improved. However, the computer simulation technique is a really useful tool for the teaching of Physics Experiment.
Through digital circuit examples of the experimental system, Modern Education Technology introduced in the hearing-impaired students in the application of classroom teaching, analysis of the superiority of its operability. According to the teaching of specific content, built on true, real circuit experimental system, through its flexible software simulation and hardware realization of the creation of a new teaching model, teaching methods. Modern Education Technology in teaching, knowledge of abstract theories to the real show, a great solution to the students understanding of theoretical knowledge at the time of challenge for the hearing-impaired students in a classroom teaching in higher education a teaching method for reference.
The purpose of this study is to give an overview of the feasibility development of wind-hydrogen systems in Algeria. Wind energy potentialities of Algeria are presented through seasonal wind maps in order to select the windy sites. A simplified system is proposed for hydrogen production simulation. This system comprises a wind turbine, an alkaline electrolyser and an AC/DC converter. The computer simulation is conducted using Hydrogen energy system modelling tools (HYDROGEMS) integrated in the transient system simulation program (TRNSYS).
Diminishing primary energy resources drives the need for self-sustained households. While it is almost impossible to achieve it for individual households due to the fluctuation of both energy demand and supply of renewable energies, it will be possible to establish sustainable communities. This paper presents a study, based on software simulations, of the energy balance in a Renewable Energy Community composed of fifty houses in the German city Cottbus. Electricity is generated on-site through photovoltaic solar panels and wind turbines. Energy excess is stored in battery banks to be used when the generators cannot supply the electricity demand. Electric vehicle batteries are also considered part of the battery bank during peak demands. The community is disconnected from the utility grid and the houses are integrated by a central control station.
In this paper we demonstrate the necessity of taking harmonic bands into account when performing accurate simulations for millimeter-wave frequency-modulated continuous-wave (FMCW) radar systems. Especially under nonlinear conditions when harmonics are generated and influence the signal quality of target detection the higher frequency bands cannot be neglected anymore. In ordinary complex baseband simulations, that are considered as a means to keep the amount of data low in FMCW radar simulations, previous knowledge is needed to explicitly model the impact of effects in higher frequency bands on the specific circuit. Our approach takes the effects of multiples of the actual operating frequency into account, thus enabling higher accuracy while keeping the amount of data moderate. As an example for the capability of this simulation approach a scenario is calculated showing the difference between both simulation strategies.
In sea bed logging detection of hydrocarbon reservoir is a very challenging task for shallow water and deep target. Magnitude of electromagnetic field response is very low and cannot be able to detect the deep target. To detect deep target new aluminium curve antenna is designed by using computer simulation technology (CST) software. 3D scale modeling with and without hydrocarbon was done by Finite integration method (FIM). Straight and curve antenna comparison was done in a 3D scaled marine environment. It was investigated that new design gave 158%higher magnetic field strength than straight antenna. A scale tank with a scale factor of 2000 was built to test the new designed antenna. The series of experiments were done to evaluate the performance of new design antenna with and without the presence of oil in a scale model. Magnitude verses offset (MVO) was done with new design curve antenna with and without oil. The experimental data was recorded with new design antenna with and without oil placed left and right side of receivers (Rx-1, Rx-3) respectively. The magnitude of the EM waves of this new designed antenna increases up to 168%with hydrocarbon. Curve fitting method using MATLAB software was done to validate the MVO data of new designed antenna with and without oil. Correlation value with new design antenna also confirms the presence of oil in a scale model.
This paper describes the process that was followed in the development of a real-time, embedded Tracking and Control Application (TCA) to be incorporated into a pulse-Doppler radar signal processing test and evaluation facility. The complete simulation and development process is described. Functional requirements are discussed, as well as algorithm selection, code development and system simulation. The porting of the TCA to the final target hardware and operating system, as well as the integration with the final system, are examined. An analysis of the success of the process followed is given and recommendations are made.
To explore China's recently developed heavy gas turbine R0110's feasibility to be applied in an IGCC plant, system simulation in ASPEN plus software and economic analysis of an R0110 IGCC plant were performed in this paper and comparison to a MS9001FA IGCC plant was included. The result shows that the system efficiency of R0110 IGCC is 2.3%points lower than that of MS9001FA IGCC, and turbine inlet temperature, compression ratio and exhaust temperature are the main factors that affect the system efficiency. Developing larger scale (160/200 MW) of gas turbines on the base of R0110 will help greatly to bring down the building cost and cost of electricity of R0110 IGCC plant so that the economic advantage of the localization of gas turbines can be distinct.
This article presents a technique to improve the lateral position resolution of pixelated 3-D position sensitive, semiconductor detectors. Improvements in lateral position resolution allow for more precise Compton-imaging calculations, detector-response calibrations, and interaction-based corrections resulting in better spectroscopic and imaging performance. In pixelated detectors, the lateral position resolution of a gamma-ray interaction location is traditionally limited to the dimensions of the individual pixels that constitute an anode array. Sub-pixel position resolution is achieved through algorithms that compare the amount of transient charge induced on pixels that neighbor a charge-collecting pixel. Measurements of the charge induced on the non-collecting pixels are made through analysis of digitized preamplifier pulse waveforms using optimized digital signal processing algorithms. A $2.0 {hbox {cm}}times 2.0 {hbox {cm}}times 1.5 {hbox {cm}}$ CdZnTe detector with a pixel pitch of 1.72 mm is used to demonstrate the sub-pixel position technique. A 100 $mu{hbox {m}}$ tungsten collimator is used to verify the accuracy of the method. The measured sub-pixel position resolution is 230 $mu{hbox {m}}$ at 662 keV. This result is consistent with the predicted value of 180 $mu{hbox {m}}$ at 662 keV based on a detailed system simulation assuming 4 keV FWHM electronic noise.
Novel devices incorporating multiple layers of new materials increase the complexity of device structures, particularly in field-effect transistors, capacitors, and nonvolatile memory (NVM). The mounting complexity of these devices increases the difficulty of generating energy band diagrams and performing device parameter calculations whether these calculations are done by hand, using spreadsheets, or via mathematical programs. Although finite-element Poisson鈥揝chrodinger equation solvers are available to perform the calculations, the cost and time spent learning them can be a hindrance. A straightforward GUI interactive simulation tool is presented that quickly calculates and displays energy bands, electric fields, potentials, and charge distributions for 1-D metal鈥搈ultilayered-dielectrics鈥搒emiconductor stacks. Fixed charge can be inserted into dielectric layers. The freeware program calculates device parameters, (e.g., effective oxide thickness, flat-band voltage $(V_{rm FB})$, threshold voltage $(V_{t})$, stack capacitance) and layer parameters (e.g., capacitance, potential, electric field, tunneling distance). Calculated data can be exported. Using the simulation tool, trap-based flash NVM is examined. Device performance characteristics such as the $V_{t}$ and $V_{rm FB}$ shifts of three different stacks are examined. Comparisons between the program and a finite-element Poisson鈥揝chrodinger equation solver are performed to validate the program's accuracy.
We propose a novel EPON system supporting bandwidth scalable local area network emulation by using orthogonal frequency division multiplexing access technology. Added to the EPON traffic, 250Mbps and 500Mbps OFDM LAN traffics are experimentally emulated.
This paper proposes two novel contributions: a fast statistical method for scheduling gain calculation is introduced, and we show how it can be combined with queuing theory and real network measurements in order to calculate the flow-level performance of a cellular network that uses Proportional Fair (PF) scheduling. A statistical method to evaluate the scheduling gain is proposed and a proof of its convergence is given. This method is three orders of magnitude faster than full system simulation. Based on these results, a queuing theory analysis is performed and is applied to the pedestrian A 3km/h channel model and LMMSE receiver. The evaluation uses drive tests measurements to reflect the realistic distribution of radio conditions. The derived flow-level performance of PF scheduling, including blocking rate, outage rate and flow throughput, is of major interest for network operators.
Since traditional radar signals are 鈥渦nintelligent,鈥?regarding the amount of information they convey on the bandwidth they occupy, a joint radar and wireless communication system would constitute a unique platform for future intelligent transportation networks effecting the essential tasks of environmental sensing and the allocation of ad-hoc communication links, in terms of both spectrum efficiency and cost-effectiveness. In this paper, approaches to the design of intelligent waveforms, that are suitable for simultaneously performing both data transmission and radar sensing, are proposed. The approach is based on classical phase-coded waveforms utilized in wireless communications. In particular, requirements that allow for employing such signals for radar measurements with high dynamic range are investigated. Also, a variety of possible radar processing algorithms are discussed. Moreover, the applicability of multiple antenna techniques for direction-of-arrival estimation is considered. In addition to theoretical considerations, the paper presents system simulations and measurement results of complete 鈥淩adCom鈥?systems, demonstrating the practical feasibility of integrated communications and radar applications.
Gain and phase mismatch effects of a double image rejection transmitter (DIRT) are examined by using error vector magnitude (EVM), image rejection ratio (IRR) and a union bound on the symbol error rate (SER). Although the DIRT has been utilised in many applications, the relationship between EVM and the IRR has not been previously reported. To analyse the relationship between EVM and IRR, the EVM functions are obtained using a complex envelope based matrix model and the IRR functions are approximated to provide insight into the gain and phase mismatch effects. Furthermore, the transmitter architecture has a lower sensitivity on both gain and phase mismatches under a proposed intermediate frequency (IF) gain condition, defined as gain condition-II. The system simulation results show that the IRR greater than 40 dBc can be achieved with 1 dB IF gain mismatch over the phase mismatch variations of -8掳 to -8掳. The SER simulation results are also given for evaluating the system performance.
This paper presents a novel system simulation platform dedicated to the derivation of 3G receiver specifications in duplex transmission mode. The TX signal continuously present at the input of the receiver, and the eventual presence of in-band and out-of-band blocking signals degrade the signal to noise ratio through various phenomena. In order to find the optimal specifications of the system in this RF complex environment, a first stage of simulations is essential. The system simulator presented in this paper can handle complex scenarios simulations while tracking the distortion contribution of every block in the receive chain.
This paper focuses on the development of a phase shifting transformer model designed to be utilized in analog simulation (emulation). Simulation of power systems is necessary for both operation and planning and depends on suitable models of the components in the system. Analog computation as a technology for the analysis of large scale power systems represents a viable alternative to traditional digital methods as it provides certain advantages, such as speed and parallelism. Prior research in this field has modeled generators, loads and transmission lines. The transformer model proposed here provides a more accurate depiction of the network and captures the behavior of phase shifting transformers. The transformer is modeled in analog form. The circuit model is constructed and verified via software simulation using Analog Behavioral Models (ABMs) in PSpice and compared with industrial grade numerical simulator for validation.
In this paper, an Application Specific Instruction-set Processor (ASIP) architecture to perform all OFDM synchronization tasks is proposed. While applicable to many OFDM systems, the proposed architecture is tested on Long Term Evolution (LTE Rel. 8) and WiMAX 802.16e systems. The synchronization tasks include, but not limited to symbol timing, fine carrier frequency offset (CFO) estimation, coarse CFO estimation, cell search, residual CFO estimation and sampling clock frequency offset estimation. The engine is scalable and runs at 120 MHz with a total gate count of 118k and control overhead less than 10%of total processing cycles. The results of software simulations as well as the results of verilog synthesis are presented.
Networks consisting of many autonomous sensors are gaining importance in real-life applications. Wireless sensor lifetimes still are limited by finite power sources, leading to the need of low-power system designs. A novel holistic approach for system simulation of ultra-low power wireless sensor networks is discussed. Special focus of this paper is parallel modeling of simulation components, adaptive synchronization, power profiling and framework integration. Detailed network power consumption simulation is achieved by not only simulating the sensor nodes鈥攁nd their various components鈥攖hemselves, but also the overall system consisting of multiple interacting elements such as a dynamic environment. The framework includes an instruction set simulation in order to enable accurate node simulation as well as extensive power profiling and tracking beyond node borders. The use of adaptive multi-threading leads to considerable hard-and software co-simulation speedup.1
Distribution of electronic media to cars plays a key role when it comes to the deployment of car-to-infrastructure communications. Like in other point-to-multipoint systems, the application of fountain codes is highly promising. In this paper, we investigate the applicability of fountain codes in an infrastructure-based automotive communication system and introduce an expedient method to design such a system. By means of system simulations we compare its performance with respect to a data carousel.
The main goal of virtual reality based surgery simulators with haptic feedback is to provide an alternative to traditional training methods on animals, cadavers or real patients. Haptic feedback is a key feature for every surgery simulator for the training of hand-eye coordination. To address the need for higher fidelity and complexity in an endoscopic simulator, we have designed a new haptic interface, instrumented a clinical endoscope and integrated it with a software simulation for colonoscopy. The proposed haptic interface provides high translational force and rotational torque with combined electrical motors and passive brakes. This paper presents the evaluation of the haptic interface. Experimental analyzes are performed for characterization and performance evaluation. A model-based feed-forward control is implemented and the results show that the control successfully compensates for the device dynamics and nonlinearities such as Coulomb and viscous friction.
IEC Technical Committee 57 (TC57) published a series of standards and technical reports for 鈥淐ommunication networks and systems for power utility automation鈥?as the IEC 61850 series. Sampled value (SV) process buses allow for the removal of potentially lethal voltages and damaging currents inside substation control rooms and marshalling kiosks, reduce the amount of cabling required in substations, and facilitate the adoption of non-conventional instrument transformers. IEC 61850鈥?鈥? provides an inter-operable solution to support multi-vendor process bus solutions. A time synchronisation system is required for a SV process bus, however the details are not defined in IEC 61850鈥?鈥?. IEEE Std 1588鈥?008, Precision Time Protocol version 2 (PTPv2), provides the greatest accuracy of network based time transfer systems, with timing errors of less than 100 ns achievable. PTPv2 is proposed by the IEC Smart Grid Strategy Group to synchronise IEC 61850 based substation automation systems. IEC 61850鈥?鈥?, PTPv2 and Ethernet are three complementary protocols that together define the future of sampled value digital process connections in substations. The suitability of PTPv2 for use with SV is evaluated, with preliminary results indicating that steady state performance is acceptable (jitter < 300 ns), and that extremely stable grandmaster oscillators are required to ensure SV timing requirements are met when recovering from loss of external synchronisation (such as GPS).
Swarm systems consist of a number of relatively simple agents that interact with each other to afford a complex behaviour. Such swarm systems are inherently parallel but as yet little work has focussed on the development of specific hardware platforms that might take advantage of such parallelism. This paper proposes a hardware platform for the implementation of swarm system simulations, using a case study of Reynolds' boids. Our platform provides a flexible decentralised intelligent bus communication architecture designed to provide effective communication between agents on a hardware platform.
FIST (Fast Interconnect Simulation Techniques) is a fast and simple packet latency estimator to replace time-consuming detailed Network-on-Chip (NoC) models in full-system performance simulators. FIST combines ideas from analytical network modeling and execution-driven simulation models. The main idea is to abstractly model each router as a load-delay curve and sum load-dependent delay at each visited router to obtain a packet's latency by tracking each router's load at runtime. The resulting latency estimator can accurately capture subtle load-dependent behaviors of a NoC but is much simpler than a full-blown execution-driven model. We study two variations of FIST in the context of a software-based, cycle-level simulation of a tiled chip-multiprocessor (CMP). We evaluate FIST's accuracy and performance relative to the CMP simulator's original execution-driven 2D-mesh NoC model. A static FIST approach (trained offine using uniform random synthetic traffic) achieves less than 6%average error in packet latency and up to 43脳 average speedup for a 16脳16 mesh. A dynamic FIST approach that adds periodic online training reduces the average packet latency error to less than 2%and still maintains an average speedup of up to 18脳 for a 16脳16 mesh. Moreover, an FPGA-based realization of FIST can simulate 2D-mesh networks up to 24脳24 nodes, at 3 to 4 orders of magnitude speedup over software-based simulators.
With the advent of large scale chip-level multiprocessors, there is a growing interest in the design and analysis of on-chip networks. The use of full system simulation is the most accurate way to perform such an analysis, but unfortunately it is very slow and thus limits design space exploration. In order to overcome this problem researchers frequently use trace based simulation to study different network topologies and properties, which can be done much faster. Unfortunately, unless the traces that are used include information about dependencies between messages (packets), trace based simulation can lead one to draw incorrect conclusions about network performance metrics such as latency and overall execution time. In this paper we will demonstrate the importance of including dependency information in traces, as well as present an inference-based technique for identifying and including dependencies, and show that using these augmented traces results in much better simulation accuracy without excessively extending simulation time.
The virtual simulation environment for planetary rover includes two parts: the solution of its kinematics model and the virtual simulation environment. This paper describes kinematics model of the rover consisted of wheels using a rocker-bogie design. The model is established with the D-H parameter method. The kinematics equations of rover moving on uneven terrain are deduced with different kinematics and homogeneous transformation matrix. For the analyses of the planetary rover kinematics model in the virtual simulation scene, the necessary joint angles and some attitude angles can be got by solving nonlinear optimization equations of the established rover-terrain model. Finally, the accuracy of rover kinematics model and rover-terrain model is verified in the virtual environment which is created by VC/OpenGVS. The planetary rover kinematics simulation in the virtual scene is realized.
Nowadays, DG sources have a major effect on the operation of distribution grids. Due to in the future even more power will be fed in decentrally, it is imperative that small producers offer system services like reactive power provision and voltage control in the distribution layer.
This paper presents the application of The high level architecture (HLA) of distributed and interactive simulation technology } to Spacecraft TT&C simulation system. It developes the architecture of Spacecraft TT&C simulation and defines the federates, in order to improve the reusability of components and extensibility of the simulation system. Meanwhile, this paper introduces the design and realization of federation object model(FOM), simulation object simulation model(SOM) and View federates prodecure framework.
Partial discharge detection for switchboard is effective method in insulation fault diagnosing. In this paper, different kinds of typical partial discharge for switchboard based on ultrasonic method is studied. Partial discharge detection system simulation model is established, including partial discharge model, measuring system for ultrasonic signals. Numerous figures of domain and frequency about ultrasonic signals are obtained and analyzed. Two ultrasonic bands of 20k鈭?0kHz and 80k鈭?40kHz for the partial discharge detection are chosen as characteristic parameters and input of support vector machine (SVM). SVM is used to recognize the discharge models and the recognition rate can reach up to 100%. The results prove that this method can recognize partial discharge effectively, which provides a new arithmetic for detecting ultrasonic signals.
This paper demonstrates the effect of radio frequency (RF) front-end (FE) free-running local oscillator (FRO) phase noise (PN) on the phase component of the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) code correlation product. It is observed that as FE PN increases, it adversely affects the stability of the phase component of the code correlation. The tracking loops in baseband processing of a GNSS receiver attempt to lock on to the frequency, delay and phase of the correlation product. Until these parameters are varying within acceptable bounds, set by the dynamics handling capability of the tracking loops, the tracking loops are able to successfully track the satellite signal. However, PN increases the variation in phase of the correlation product calculated over consecutive epochs and may also cause loss of tracking lock if these variations go beyond phase locked loop (PLL) pull-in range thresholds. This paper studies the relation between FRO PN and phase component of correlation through numerical analysis, and software simulations by artificially contaminating GNSS signal stream with PN of increasing variance and checking the result on the standard deviation (SD) of the phase component of correlation product. Based on these results, this paper recommends certain maximum limits on the FE PN in order to keep the SD of phase component below the one-sigma phase error limits of the PLL used in typical GNSS tracking loops.
In this paper, modeling and simulation of 1MW grid connected PV system is simulated using National Renewable Energy Laboratory's (NREL) HOMER software, and the optimum system is analyzed to see the economic feasibility of the system in a small industry area in Malacca, Malaysia. The system is expected to foresee reduced grid energy consumption. Emphasis is also placed on reduction of green house gases emission. HOMER will simulate the system and perform optimization of system according to the available usage data and the available renewable energy (sun radiation) data. The lifecycle and cost of each system modules will also affect the optimization duly. In addition, HOMER also performs optimizations according to different assumption of uncertain factors to gauge the effect of sensitivity list.
One of main aims of computer science education is to train students to perform certain tasks by computers. Traditionally this is carried out by demonstration method, where teacher demonstrates to students how to use certain application. It is very difficult to achieve individualization of teaching when using this teaching method, because teacher has limited time for demonstration and students usually have very heterogeneous knowledge. Software simulation can provide significant help in training students to use computer applications, because they can be used to demonstrate to students how to perform certain tasks in software, students can then practice that tasks in software simulator and, finally, software simulation can be used to assess student's knowledge. Software simulation allows great level of individualization, because students can progress at pace that suits them, they can repeat demonstration several times and they can practice task until they are confident that they have mastered it. This paper presents model for integration of software simulation as teaching method into computer science curriculum.
3D virtual simulation has been widely used in the design of manufacturing plants. This paper focuses on the application of 3D virtual simulation in process industry. It discusses the impacts of the characteristics of the process manufacturing and the simulation users requirements on the integration of 3D visual simulation and process simulation. An actual case of grinding circuit simulation is introduced. The hardware in the loop simulation structure and the real-time data integration techniques are discussed in detail. Finally, a solution of real-time integration is provided.
The simulation results of traditional system simulation, whose technology is based on the solution of mathematical model, are mostly numerical curve, lack of telepresence, third dimension and immersive. According to this problem, virtual reality technology ODE (Open Dynamics Engine) is used for the simulation of characteristic parameters on wheeled self-balancing robot. A wheeled robot model having the feature of real robot's kinematics and dynamics has been built in virtual reality environment to achieve free balance, fixed-point balance, speed tracking, heading control and linear obstacle negotiating. And related procedures have been designed for real-time detection of model parameters and export of simulation data which provide a reliable basis for the experimental study.
In the logistics equipment manufacture enterprises such as shipbuilding and support roller producing, the steel tube AS/RS was extensively applied and always the core component of the whole system. As the storage and retrieve parts of the raw and residual tubes for the follow up processes, the modeling and optimizing research for the steel tube AS/RS was important to improve the operational efficiency and overall performance of the whole manufacture system. In this paper, based on the characteristics of steel tube manufacture and the requirements of processes connection, we propose a flexible steel tube AS/RS manufacturing system and give a Petri net model used in system simulation to represent the system's dynamic behavior.
Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) has been the focus of research for its valuable application in space-time information query. Because of performing experiments in real RFID application systems is difficult, this paper proposes an RFID object tracking system simulation platform to assist the researching of RFID uncertain data management and space-time information query. After researching the simulation models of the reader, tag and radio propagation in physical layer and logical layer, this paper presents the simulation strategy which is combined by discrete event scheduling and activity scanning. The platform is implemented by three layers based on Eclipse RCP and GEF. The system can be easily extended just by a new plug-in developed by the user. At last, a basic object tracking test is presented to prove that it can reproduce RFID application scenes efficiently and can assist the research in this field.
For upgrading the reusing capacity of domain Knowledge of Automotive panel intelligent manufacturing, the Automotive panel information model fused multidomain knowledge is put forward. Panels classified strategy and key technologies of information modeling were given, including knowledge system, panels describing, support platform and multidoamin collaborative appraisal for knowledge deive. The result provides an effective technology support for shortened development cycle and improving automobile panel quality.
In this paper, we present an electronic readout system for wireless passive sensors based on inductively coupled $LC$ resonant circuits. The proposed system consists of a reader coil inductively coupled to the sensor circuit, an analog frontend circuit, and a digital signal processing unit. The analog frontend circuit generates a dc voltage representing the sensor resonance curve. The frequency of the reader coil driving signal is continuously readjusted by the digital signal processing unit. Based on analytical calculation and system simulation, we derive a model for the achievable accuracy of the overall sensor and readout system. The accuracy is limited by noise and systematic errors due to the measurement principle. We show how to design the digital signal processing system for optimal insensitivity to voltage noise. The noise sensitivity of the measurement system is inversely proportional to the square of the quality factor of the $LC$ sensor. This means that minimizing the losses of the sensor is of crucial importance to obtain a wireless measurement system with a high range and a good insensitivity to noise. Subsequently, we outline an approach to calculate the sensor resonance frequency, quality factor, and inductive coupling factor from the available voltage signals in the signal processing unit using linear fitting functions. The accuracy of our approach is exemplified by a system simulation for typical sensor parameters. For the system studied, we show that the relative linearization error of the sensor resonance frequency measurement is below 0.02%. Taking the general models presented for both the noise sensitivity and linearization error into account, it is possible to estimate the maximum distance and accuracy for any wireless sensor system based on an inductively coupled $- - LC$ resonator.
This paper studies the performance of a hybrid cellular network with cellular controlled direct radio links between multiple mobile User Equipments (UEs). The main focus is on the uplink of the proposed system with multiple idle UEs acting as relays to assist the communication of any given UE with an active connection. In the presence of multiple UEs as relays, the Base Station (BS) dynamically chooses the best relay to maximize the throughput of each radio link. We present system capacity results using Monte Carlo system simulation techniques. Further, we compare results with and without the use of distributed beam forming techniques. Our results indicate that cell edge capacity could be improved by more than 99%by using idle UEs in the system as mobile relays. The performance improvement at cell edge is achieved while improving the mean cell throughput by more than 50%.
One key measure to increase building energy efficiency in subtropical area is the external shading in facade. This article intensify the analysis of the external shading component design. By discussing the layout of external shading components and the microstructure in combined-facade of subtropical building, anatomizing the facade of some completed builgings, it explores new possibilities of shading design. It researches by software simulation on the block of solar radiation and indoor illumination effects, optimally selects the analysis model, and determines the specific application in building design. Reasonable layout of the shading components and the perforated structure enrich the possibilities which the architectural surface space can have in terms of building heat insulation and design aesthetic.
As the world energy crisis increases, the sustainable development strategy of energy becomes a major national energy initiative. Wind energy, a renewable, non-polluting 鈥済reen energy鈥? has become a national alternative energy. Aiming at the train-wind caused in the high-speed train to design a kind of wind power generation system, and construct the system simulation model based on Matlab/Simulink. Then make the preliminary explore wind power system of high-speed trains drive. With construction and development of large-scale high-speed rail, the system has the potential values of research and application.
A CODOG system simulation model is builded using the Matlab/SIMULINK, and the model is verified by the data from the design-department. Then the model is improved by using RTW and MFC, and could run without SIMULINK. Then three different engine load control methods of accelerating process are proposed, and each method is designed and simulated. The simulation result shows that the subsection optimizing load control method not only has the predominant flexibility but is more exercisable.
Modern airplane's multi-function displays have much more powerful functions. They are very important equipment for information interaction. The simulation design principle is showed for virtual multi-function display. And key technologies involved in the developing process are studied, for example, three-dimensional models' building, dynamic displaying technology, simulation data interaction, etc. All the studies establish the foundation for simulation training systems' developing.
The concept of small cells such as femtocell has been regarded as a promising solution to achieve green communication and deal with the coverage hole and growth of traffic within macrocells. However, the unpredictable deployment pattern of such nodes makes static network planing impractical and the overlaying macrocell and femtocell tiers may suffer significant cross-tier interference from each other. In this paper, we analyze the cross-tier interference scenarios and propose corresponding semi-static resource allocation schemes to achieve the best tradeoff between spectrum efficiency and interference cancellation by applying hybrid shared and partitioned spectrum usage according to the location based measurement of the femtocell. Extensive system simulation is performed to demonstrate that the proposed scheme can effectively avoid spectrum collision and significantly improve the overall network capacity.
In this paper mobility performance is studied in heterogeneous networks with both macro and indoor base stations. Due to abrupt changes in received signal and interference level as User Equipment (UE) enters and leaves a building with indoor Home eNodeB (HeNB) there may be additional challenges for handover compared to more homogeneous network layout. The purpose of this paper is, with dynamic system simulation tool, to evaluate the magnitude of the handover challenges and how would the system need to be configured to optimize the mobility performance. The results indicate that while general handover parameterization can be effectively utilized to avoid the most of mobility problems, cell-specific parameterization can further improve the mobility performance between eNB and HeNB. Additionally, attention should be paid to both inbound and outbound HeNB mobility due to possibly very different interference conditions in handover situations inside the building with HeNB and outdoor environment.
Altering the network configuration in order to reduce the energy consumption in a WCDMA network is under study in this paper. The baseline configuration is a MIMO enabled network with 3-cell sites. In case there are no MIMO users in a cell, one of the MIMO antennas and the corresponding power amplifier in this cell is turned off. Furthermore, if the user distribution is such that the traffic can be handled by an Omni configuration, the site is re-configured to an Omni site. The transmission powers for the different configurations are assessed through system simulations and fed into a base station energy consumption model, based on the predicted network configuration assuming different loads of fixed bit rate users. It is found that in a low load scenario, the energy savings can be up to 15-25 percent simply by turning off one of the MIMO antennas when the fraction of MIMO enabled users is 25-75 percent. If reconfiguring to Omni cell as well as turning off one MIMO antenna when permitted, the savings can be up to 40 to 50 percent with the same fraction of MIMO users in a low load situation. Savings by reconfiguration to Omni cells when there are no MIMO users in the system gives saving of up to 28 percent in a low load scenario. It is concluded that the proposed techniques has the potential to yield substantial energy savings in low load scenarios without degrading the user performance.
This paper proposes an analytical model for dimensioning transport bandwidths in the Long Term Evolution (LTE) access network. In this work the criterion for dimensioning is the transport network delay QoS (at the packet level). The presented analytical model takes into considerations the key features of the LTE radio interface and the use of Differentiated Service (DiffServ) QoS scheme in the LTE access transport network. Furthermore, the proposed dimensioning approach can be performed for a single transport link as well as for the entire transport network. For validating the analytical dimensioning models, a developed LTE system simulation model is used. The presented results demonstrate that the proposed analytical models can appropriately estimate the transport network delays for different QoS priorities and hence can be used for bandwidth dimensioning for various traffic and network scenarios.
It is an urgent task to overcome challenge in interference management for macro cellular with low-power base stations (BSs), such as relay, pico, and femto called subnet nodes. In this paper, we develop a proper inter-cell interference coordination (ICIC) scheme for downlink co-channel interference through cognitive sensing performed by subnet nodes in heterogeneous network (Het-Net). The more co-channel interference is avoided by cognitive interference model, the more power is saved for the macro BS and subnet nodes. The strategy framework of the cognitive critical ratio and power reward factor is set up for interference management aiming to get the maximum net saving power for the macro BS and subnet nodes. We use multiple objective non-linear programming (MONLP) and genetic algorithm (GA) to obtain the global optimum solution. Finally, the practical implementation in Het-Net for long term evolution advanced (LTE-A) is designed. The numerical evaluation and system simulation results demonstrate the applicability and effectiveness of the proposed ICIC scheme.
Coordinated multi-point (CoMP) transmission has recently received much attention due to its promise in effectively mitigating the inter-cell interference in a cellular network. In this paper, we compare two different architectures for CoMP transmission. The first architecture partitions all basestations in the network into disjoint clusters with signal transmissions within each cluster being coordinated independently of one another at a centralized location of each cluster. In the second architecture, the processing for coordinated transmission is distributed among overlapping clusters, each centered around one cell. For this architecture, we propose a simple method for computing linear multi-user precoders for all clusters in a distributed manner, where the precoders are chosen not only to maximize throughput to the served users but also to reduce interference with other users in overlapping clusters. A low-complexity iterative algorithm is proposed for negotiating transmit power levels among adjacent clusters to ensure the power constraints at all transmission points are satisfied. Through system simulations using practical channel models, we show that the distributed architecture substantially outperforms the cluster-wise centralized architecture in maximizing the user data throughputs in the network.
Considering the disadvantage of the previous distance teaching use C/S or B/S structure in video conference system for network video education, the paper put forward a design proposal of hybrid P2P framework of video teaching system, discussed the design proposal of system model of the node design principles and algorithm structure, and simulation analysis.
ATB is a software simulation framework modeling orbital and spacecraft dynamics, environment, and Attitude and Orbit Control System (AOCS) sensors and actuators. It is an ideal tool for organizations wanting to increase their awareness and knowledge of satellite AOCS closed loop systems. It includes closed-loop functional control models which utilize the sensor and actuator software models, and is an excellent starting point for system concept analysis, and attitude and orbit control algorithm development. This paper introduces ATB, describes some of its features, latest developments of the software and concludes with a discussion of its multiple potential uses.
In this paper, we present a new Matlab-based toolbox for power system analysis, called $MatDyn$ . It is open-source software, and available for everyone to download. Its design philosophy is based on the well-known open-source Matlab toolbox MATPOWER , but its focus is transient stability analysis and time-domain simulation of power systems, instead of steady-state calculations.
Understanding the behavior of large-scale systems is challenging, but essential when designing new Internet protocols and applications. It is often infeasible or undesirable to conduct experiments directly on the Internet. Thus, simulation, emulation, and testbed experiments are important techniques for researchers to investigate large-scale systems. In this paper, we propose a platform-independent mechanism to partition a large network experiment into a set of small experiments that are sequentially executed. Each of the small experiments can be conducted on a given number of experimental nodes, e.g., the available machines on a testbed. Results from the small experiments approximate the results that would have been obtained from the original large experiment. We model the original experiment using a flow dependency graph. We partition this graph, after pruning uncongested links, to obtain a set of small experiments. We execute the small experiments in two iterations. In the second iteration, we model dependent partitions using information gathered about both the traffic and the network conditions during the first iteration. Experimental results from several simulation and testbed experiments demonstrate that our techniques approximate performance characteristics, even with closed-loop traffic and congested links. We expose the fundamental trade off between the simplicity of the partitioning and experimentation process, and the loss of experimental fidelity.
Air traffic delay is a critical and expensive problem for multi-airport systems. One strategy for reducing total delay cost is to optimize the flight schedule. The SIMMOD software developed by FAA can be used to build simulation model for the multi-airport system. Based on the restricted SPSA optimization algorithm and the theory of multi-level programming model, an area multi-airport system simulation optimization model and algorithm was proposed. This model and algorithm take the importance of related route network nodes and the expected value of optimization results into account. The simulation optimization results of the PRD region multi-airport system verified the effectiveness of the model and algorithm.
In order to evaluate road safety in design stage, virtual simulation tests are proposed. The system includes the modeling of virtual road based on Creator, the development of vehicle dynamics model and 3D model, the development of real-time simulation software based on Vega and road safety evaluation model. Through the visual simulation tests, the vehicle speed inducement effect of the road can be obtained at the design stage. This system was applied to Xi&#x02019;an-Hanzhong freeway and Baoshan-Longling freeway projects, the results show that this system can be used to guide the road alignment design and improving design of traffic facility, and to provide foundation for road safety audit.
This paper presents a complete system simulation of a self-powered communication module. The components are described with the Verilog-A language, that allows to merge the electrical and mechanical models of the system. The self-powered sensor system is composed by an energy harvesting piezoelectric generator that powers a RF transmitter. The simulations here presented compare between the case of a battery-less and battery-powered system. The results obtained with the simulation model implemented allow to show how design choices of the system change the periodicity of the transmission and the ability to recharge the battery.
Aircraft hydraulic systems are used to actuate flight control surfaces, thrust vectoring and reversing mechanisms, landing gear, cargo doors, and in some cases, weapon systems. In hydraulic system simulation test, a test and measurement system was developed and programmed on a prototype. It is a best option that research and development distributed test and measurement system for aircraft hydraulic system simulation test which was used to collect many channel and many type signals which separated in differently position. In order to improve the software reusability and development efficiency of test and measurement software, After analyzing the features and requirements of the test object, one framework development approach for aircraft hydraulic simulation test was presented. This approach makes full use of such technologies as the Unified Modeling Language (UML) and design patterns. This method can greatly reduce the effort required for all kinds of hydraulic simulation test framework development and achieve higher productivity, better reusability, extend ability and maintainability.
As SoCs in the embedded space get more complex, integrating more processing units and peripherals, the job of providing the required software simulation tools necessarily get more complex. Adding the fact that there is increasing pressure to provide working software by first silicon, the time available to provide such tool support is shortened. At the same time, improving R&#x00026;D efficiency drives a requirement that the same simulation platform be the basis for multiple divergent use cases, such as architecture evaluation, functional verification, software development and performance validation, each with different priorities when it comes to level of abstraction, cycle accuracy, and performance. This talk will address the demands on system simulation and discuss necessary approaches that will enable better meeting the emerging system simulation requirements.
The High Level Architecture (HLA) has become the focus of distributed interactive simulation's general technology frame. Data Distribution Management (DDM), one of the six services in Run Time Infrastructure (RTI), provides data filtering mechanism to meet the requirements of system scalability. This paper describes and reviews the popular DDM filtering algorithms, and discusses their respective merits. Especially, it presents a new hybrid DDM algorithm which is based on weight function. Simulation experiments show this algorithm has some desirable theoretical properties. Comparing with the traditional DDM filtering algorithms, the presented approach can greatly improve the data filtering efficiency. It has achieved the goal of improving DDM performance.
Modern systems, e.g. navigation, landing, radar and communication systems, rely on the physics of antennas and propagation. Their electrical performance is determined by the intended radiation and by the scattering of distorting objects. The scattering analysis is an integral part of the system simulations. The modeling of the antennas, the environment, the distorting objects and of the system itself are the basic steps of the simulation process. This paper describes the aspects of state-of-the art system simulations by evaluating actual examples, such as the new A380 with respect to the Landing system ILS and wind turbines WT to radar systems, in particular to weather radar.
<para> This paper derives an accurate approximation to the bit error rate (BER) of multicode direct-sequence code-division multiple access (DS/CDMA) with noncoherent <formula formulatype="inline"><tex>$M$</tex></formula>-ary modulation in wideband fading channels when timing errors are made at the receiver employing equal-gain combining (EGC). This reflects the practical scenario where the path delays are estimated imperfectly, leading to synchronization errors between the correlation receivers and the received signals. The analysis can be applied to any type of a fading distribution for both independent and correlated diversity branches. It is shown that the derived analytical expressions are in close agreement with the Monte Carlo system simulations, particularly in the case of small timing errors. </para>
The paper intends to present a modeling philosophy, that allows a global view of a generic manufacturing enterprise behavior, combining managerial and control approaches. The main objective of the assessment is to design a System Architecture for Manufacturing that will be able to develop an intelligent comportment displaying characteristics like environment adaptability, problem solving and learning from experience. The foundations of this approach are mainly knowledge management and control engineering techniques, as well as agent-based architectures.
Virtual simulation is of great importance for both the research and development phase and the tele-operation phase of a lunar rover. The role and state-of-the-art of rover's simulation is introduced in the beginning. Comprehensive high-fidelity/high-speed virtual simulation system for lunar rover is designed in accordance with the developing trend. Key technologies such as terramechanics and recursive dynamics are discussed and related work that have been done in RCMAC of Harbin Institute of Technology are presented. The system can be switched between high-fidelity simulation and high-speed precision simulation to be used in both phases of a lunar rover.
This paper presents the 32x32 CMOS VLSI chip of synchronised oscillators network designed for fast segmentation and labeling of binary images. The network chip architecture and its functional blocs were briefly described. The hardware realisation of oscillator network provides much faster image segmentation when compared to computer simulation techniques. Segmentation results of sample biomedical image obtained using the oscillator network chip are also presented and discussed.
A notion of logic time and logic time stamp are introduced to control running order for single-period and multi-periods simulation system. Then a synchronous startup schedule strategy is designed, and its technology essential and implementation flow are discussed. According to the time stamp and the simulation logic time of interactive data, the measurement and compensation method of time-delay in schedule are proposed. Finally, the designed schedule strategy has been successfully applied to a ship motion distributed virtual simulation system.
Cultivating high quality talents major in simulation is important to developing simulation discipline. Combined with the Northwestern Polytechnical University&#x2019;s education on master and doctor of simulation discipline recently, this paper presents the education goals, methods and products etc, Having analyzed it and giving some solutions on the problems such as student&#x2019;s subject changing, government&#x2019;s investment, discipline system building. The paper has some worthiness to reference by other colleges on simulation subject education and talents cultivating.
This paper presents a supply security system simulation for the coordination mechanism of coal proper-rights and product markets. The coal demand model with the method of &#x201C;unit GDP energy consumption&#x201D; and the &#x201C;marginal-utility-based optimal coal mining rate&#x201D; model are established to forecast the Chinese coal demand from year of 2008 to 2020, the &#x201C;coordination mechanism model of coal property rights market and product market&#x201D; is constructed to indicate the way to realize coal resource supply security through controlling the quantity or price of mining rights, and then the supply security system simulation of coal resource is processed and provides credible data results to the government and enterprises.
This paper presents the application of virtual simulation to the design of job shop scheduling system based on QUEST software (by Deneb Robotics, Inc.). According to the characteristic of the shop scheduling system, object-oriented modeling and the frame of the whole system are built, then a heuristic algorithm is adapted and implemented by the simulation control language imbedded in QUEST. The design philosophy and the implementation techniques of SCL are analysed by combining the shop system. In the end, the efficiency of the software prototype is demonstrated which provides a referential value for the transformation and adjustment of a real production line.
The Very Long Instruction Word (VLIW) architecture is considered to be one of the promising methods of increasing performance beyond standard Reduced Instruction Set Computing (RISC) architectures. However, few generally-accepted VLIW simulation environments are available for us in exploring the VLIW Instruction Set Architectures (ISA) and their corresponding microarchitectures. Motivated by characterizing and evaluating VLIW-based designs more quickly and accurately, we present the design of a fundamental discrete-event driven software simulation platform, Simple-VLIW, dedicated to VLIW architectures. The software decouples fast functional simulations and accurate cycle-based performance evaluations to provide different levels of details. With user-configurable parameters and driven by typical workloads, the Simple-VLIW offers fast and accurate evaluations of VLIW-based architectures. It executes millions of instructions per second, and the results of which are consistent with our theoretical analysis very well. As a valuable tool, the proposed simulator can significantly expedite the research and the development of VLIW architectures.
Aiming to uncertain problem in the process of picking manipulator location and behavior decision-making in complex environment, an approach for picking manipulator location and behavior simulation integrating binocular stereo vision together virtual simulation technical was discussed. Firstly, the imaging of picking target and environment were gained by binocular stereo vision, secondly, the result data of picking target and environment after the imaging being handled were mapped into virtual environment, picking manipulator behavior decision-making and motion path planning were implemented by software simulation technical, picking manipulator accurate location was realized in virtual environment. Finally, the simulation motion data in virtual environment were transmitted to control motors at manipulator joint by USB interface, control motors drive manipulator moving automatically to the picking target position. The experimental platform was consisted of CCD stereo vision and simulation software, a location simulation system was developed by VC++ and EON SDK.
Three dimensional large terrain is a significant composition of the nature scene in virtual simulation field. This paper focuses on the improvement of algorithms for the implement of view-dependent refinement of large terrain surfaces which are based on the analyses of the relations and bottlenecks between each infrastructure of the whole computer system and related requirements for the real-time flight simulation application. A new implementation of view-dependent refinement of large terrain surfaces is proposed, and an improved view frustum culling algorithm is also presented based on primarily the method of longest edge bisection in a top-down traversal of the mesh hierarchy. The new frame coherence algorithm which improves the display rates is given. Finally, a conclusion is drawn that these improved algorithms really improve the simulation performance.
Due to different requirements of Global Positioning System (GPS) applications, performances of GPS receiver vary greatly. In order to evaluate a GPS receiver&#x2019;s performances, a simulation platform build on Matlab has been developed by this research. This platform includes four elements: user interface, GPS signal simulator (intermediate frequency, IF), civilian (C/A) software receiver and noise generator. Design and implementation of the platform are discussed in details in this paper. Firstly, a mathematical model of intermediate frequency (IF) GPS signal simulator is introduced. After that, methods of determining visual satellites and computing transmission time by using existing ephemeris are also discussed. Secondly, key algorithms of the software receiver, including acquisition and tracking, are presented. Finally, an experiment is demonstrated to test the validity of this platform. The close correspondence between pre-designed user trajectories and position results of the software receiver certifies the validity of this platform. Compared with hardware simulation, this platform possesses more effective and flexible. The performances of the receiver can be tested completely by changing different scenes of signal simulator. All key techniques of this platform are modularized and coded with Matlab language. It is easy to understood and used. In this sense, this simulation platform can be an ideal tool for new beginners of this field to master GPS principles.
The metamodeling approach has been an important method to reduce the computational expense of complex system simulation. Metamodeling is the process of building a &#x201C;model of a model&#x201D; to provide a fast surrogate model for computational expensive simulation code. Main metamodeling techniques include polynomial regression, kriging, radial basis function and support vector regression. In this paper we investigate relevance vector regression (RVR) as an alternative metamodeling approach for complex system simulation. To further understand this new method, we compare its performance with other four metamodeling method using test functions. RVR achieves more accuracy than four other metamodeling approaches and have good robustness and acceptable computational efficiency. The results suggest the RVR approach has powerful potential for metamodeling applications.
A method is presented for increasing the measurement accuracy of GMR (Giant MagnetoResistive) sensors by numerically eliminating the hysteresis in the output signal. A simplified mathematical model of the hysteresis has been derived from the T(x) hysteresis model for anticipating the measurement values. The model has been implemented in a software simulation environment and compared with real GMR sensor measurements, with very good results. Further, the model has been quantised and implemented on a fixed-point Digital Signal Controller (DSC), connected to the output of the sensors. The linear output characteristic delivered in this case by the DSC confirmed the accuracy of the hysteresis model in the hardware implementation too. An algorithm based on the model has also been developed in order to eliminate error propagation during the measurements.
With the NoC size growing constantly, efficient algorithms are needed to provide power/performance-aware task mapping on massively parallel systems. In this paper a novel tree-model based mapping algorithm is proposed, to achieve high energy efficiency and low latency on NoC platforms. A NoC is abstracted as a tree composed of a root node and median nodes at different levels. By mapping tasks starting from the root of the tree, our algorithm minimizes the communication cost and consequently reduces the energy consumption and network delay. Experimental results show that the run-time of our algorithm is decreased by 90%on average compared to the Greedy Incremental (GI) algorithm. Full system simulation also shows that for Radix traffic, compared to the original random mapping, the GI achieves 18.7%and 17.3%reduction in energy consumption and average network latency respectively, while our algorithm achieves 24.7%and 40.8%reduction respectively.
For the development of new radar sensor concepts in the automotive market comprehensive and reliable system simulation capabilities are highly desired. Since the radar channel includes both, desired and undesired contributions from the sensors environment, deterministic channel and wave propagation models are a crucial part of the whole simulation chain. Unfortunately, for some applications even asymptotic ray-based models exceed the available computational resources and further simplifications are required. Instead of brute-force ray tracing with a detailed geometrical description of the scene, one approach is based on a precomputed scattering center representation of complex objects. In this case, inverse synthetic aperture radar (ISAR) is a promising technique to estimate the required number and positions of the scattering centers. The imaging process should be fast enough to enable an investigation of a large number of bistatic configurations. In the 2D case, for range and cross-range resolution, classical Fourier processing requires twodimensional scattering data in frequency and aspect domain, which can be quite costly. Therefore, an idea presented is adapted to the existing scattering simulation code and applied to the scattering center visualization of vehicles.
Calculation of the antenna reception in AM range can be anticipated very exactly with help of the hybrid MoM. The procedure to calculate the antenna reception with virtual simulations also is verified for different antenna structures. All investigated simulations with hybrid MoM show a very good agreement to the measurement results. Thus, trustful simulations in AM frequency range can be realized for evaluation of vehicular glass antennas.
In this paper, we present results from a study on the impact of antenna separation on LTE system performance. By means of system simulations we evaluate under which conditions a small or large antenna separation is preferable. We also provide empirical support to the simulation results by comparing with results from a measurement campaign.
Multilevel voltage-source converters (VSC) are attractive for high-voltage and high-power applications. However, the increased part counts and control complexity also complicate the converter modeling and control. One particular control problem is the balancing of dc capacitor voltages. Conventional voltage balancing control design has been based on periodic steady-state or line-cycle averaged models of the converter that don't correctly predict the capacitor voltage dynamics within a line cycle and under dynamic conditions. This paper develops an averaged model for three-level neutral-point clamped (NPC) converters that is valid under all conditions and involves switching-cycle averaging only. Unlike previous works, no assumption is made about the balance of ac line voltages, making the resulting model suitable for analysis and simulation of large, possibly unbalanced electric power systems. Applications of the model include more efficient system simulation, controller analysis and design for ac current regulation, dc bus voltage regulation and dc capacitor voltage balancing. Simulation results are presented to validate the proposed models.
The fuzzy control theory is applied on reactive voltage control. With voltage and reactive power deviation as its input, and the transformer tap and capacitor switching as its output, MATLAB Fuzzy Logic Toolbox are used to form the fuzzy inference system. NanYi substation in JiangXi is an example. In the TH2100 software simulation, the results show that the control system is stable and reliable, the control effect is good.
Inverted pendulum system is a typical rapid, multivariable, nonlinear, absolute instability and non-minimum phase system, and it is a favorite problem in the field of control theory and application. In its control, the current main control method includes in fuzzy control, variable structure control and robust control etc. For fuzzy control of a double inverted pendulum, the research is focused on how to solve the 鈥渞ule explosion鈥?problem. The model and characteristics of the system are detailed analyzed; a status fusion function is designed using information fusion. By using it, the output variables of the system with six dimensions is synthesized as two variables: error and variation of error. From the fuzzy control theory, we also design the fuzzy controller of the double inverted pendulum system in MATLAB, and carried out the system simulation in Simulink, results show that the method is feasible.
For the operation and management of Complex Pipe Network System in marine engine room, a stable, accurate and intelligent simulation and control theory is presented. By using computer distributed processing technology, a distributed processing approach based on message platform is adopted. It can distribute every pipe network system in engine room to corresponding processing unit according to different functions or fluid's physical properties. The distributed interactive simulation is achieved by 鈥淥bject Activation鈥?in a unified messaging system on server-side. The key technology are modeling for Complex Pipe Network System, linear calculating for the relation between pressure and flow of fluid, release and access to Remote Object and implementation of distributed processing of computer.
This paper proposed a kind of method to MATLAB calling by ANSYS analysis of switched reluctance motor (SRM) within the electromagnetic field, using SIMULINK for Switched Reluctance Motor Control System (SRD) simulation. ANSYS analysis the SRM rotor position at different time of flux and current's relations, and builting the SRD model by SIMULINK, and this curve depending on the rotor position resulting from the different relationship between flux and current data needed in accordance with SIMULINK in turn feed back into the structure of the SRD model, achieve the co-simulation to the final. Through a three-phase 12 / 8 SRM prototype simulation, simulation results show that static and dynamic properties of the model are better, and the use than the traditional structures of SRD SIMULINK control system more precise.
The relativistic cavity magnetron is one of the most mature of all high-power (>100 MW) sources. The operational mechanism is robust; it is relatively compact, has been operated at frequencies 1-8 GHz. From 1976-present, research teams have explored the full range of operational parameters: single-source output in excess of 4 GW; multiple phase-locked sources output of 3 GW total output; repetitive, near-GW peak powers at pulse repetition rates up to 1 kHz, and long-pulse operation with energy per pulse of about 1 kJ. This magnetron is the most tunable high-power source, with a 30%tunable range by mechanical means, and can be tuned while firing repetitively. Experiments have clarified the major issues of upper limits of achievable repetition rates and energies per pulse. Theoretically, the basic design process derives from the 1940s, and modern computer simulation techniques have sped understanding and the process of design changes. Major practical issues of fielding a magnetron-based system have been addressed in the Orion facility, a transportable outdoor microwave effects test system built in the US and operating in the UK since 1996. The MILO (for magnetically-insulated line oscillator), a linear-magnetron variant, has dual attractions of not using an externally applied magnetic field and producing high power at low impedance, so that it couples well to lower-voltage, compact power supplies. Both tunable relativistic cavity magnetrons and MILOs are commercially available.
This paper discusses methods and criteria for the assessment of the low voltage ride-through (LVRT) needs of the power grid. Simulation techniques are used to investigate both how voltage dips caused by short-circuits spread over the grid and what impact do they cause in the operation performance of power systems with wind generation. The analysis is performed for wind turbines (WT) with different LVRT characteristics. It is shown that, depending on system's topology characteristics and the voltage level of WT's point of connection, ride-through needs may be different throughout power systems, especially those of continental countries as Brazil. As a conclusion, it is possible to have less severe LVRT requirements without risking system operation security.
Net primary productivity (NPP) estimation is an important study field of global change and terrestrial ecosystem. Here, we present an integrated modeling and analysis framework for researching climate change using NPP as an ecosystem indicator. It's brings together remote sensing, GIS and an ecosystem simulation model without requiring users to have any knowledge of any other specific software. Satellite data driven architecture can play a positive role in understanding the climate change and carbon cycles from regional to global scales. The benefit of the framework is that it provides complete spatial coverage and high temporal resolution, versus plot samples from which it may be difficult to provide an overall assessment for large-scale study. Recent advances in service-oriented architectures are allowing us to share of model results by geospatial services and create distributed applications needed for the collaborative research. Multi-layer approaches allow the framework more flexible and easy to extend. New datasets and models can be integrated for use in the development of new applications. A preliminary system based on the framework was carried out for monitoring the dynamic changes of terrestrial ecosystem NPP in China. State-of-the art processing algorithms was developed based on light-use efficiency model (Carnegie-Ames-Stanford Approach (CASA) model). Fraction of photosynthetically active radiation absorbed by vegetation (FPAR) is a linear function of Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) and Simple Ratio vegetation index (SR). We combined the method of NDVI and SR together to compute the FPAR of China. And then, the NPP time-series of Chinese terrestrial vegetation is built. The System is capable of querying, retrieving, and visualizing datasets with heterogeneous formats and the spatio-temporal analysis revealed the relationship between NPP and climatic change in China. These results supported national trends of NPP in relation to lag effects of-
The fault mechanism of small current grounding system in single-phase grounding is discussed, and the principle of fault line selection of transient component on faulty phase current is indicated. By the design of hardware and software, it is proved the amplitudes summation of zero sequence transition current between fault line and healthy lines makes a big difference in the feature band. The analysis of the system simulation shows the area of zero sequence transition current on fault line in the spectrum is the largest. Therefore, the application of small current grounding system in single-phase grounding fault line selection based on DSP is an advanced novel method which can distinguish between fault line and healthy lines effectively and accurately.
In this paper, the problem of attitude stability control of small-scale unmanned helicopter under the environment of wind disturbance have been investigated. Firstly, we developed the nonlinear mathematical model for the unmanned helicopter using the integral algorithm in the framework of blade element theory. Then, for the sake of using H鈭?control theory, we derived the linear model based on the small disturbance theory at the hovering point, and described the upper bound function induced by various uncertainties and disturbance as a second order system. Finally, the H鈭?controller has been designed in the setup of H鈭?control theory, the control system simulation results demonstrate the proposed controller has the H鈭?wind disturbance attenuation performance.
We present the adaptive simulations of Amrita Learning, a web-based, interactive eLearning program that aims to create a realistic mathematics and science laboratory environment for school students to study equipments, perform simulation experiments interactively, measure or analyze results, and understand their application, It teaches abstract concepts, such as flow of electrons and magnetic fields, using highly sophisticated and interactive simulations. The adaptive simulations follow the time tested principles of Amrita Learning, a previously discussed adaptive learning system, including adaptive sequencing, presentation and feedback. This novel system enables students to work at their own pace with learning level, content and presentation individualized based on a dynamically updated student profile. While individualized simulations, animations, tutorials, and assessments enrich learning experience, simultaneous access to the content by thousands of students makes the return on investment very high. Student feedback and assessments are used to compare the adaptive simulations and animations with the traditional laboratory. Results show that while the majority of the students preferred the ease of use, adaptive feedback and additional learning options of the adaptive simulations, they missed the group discussions and extra attention from the teacher at the traditional lab.
In order to carries on the plan and the control to aircraft level flight, the attitude and the route has been analyzed. First obtain that the factors control the level attitude are the roll angle and the yaw angle, and infers the computation algorithm of attitude; then obtain that the factors control the level route are the route position and the radius of turn, and infers the algorithm of flight route; finally carries on the software simulation using this algorithm, according to the attitude and the route restraint, produce shortest aircraft level flight road map which through the giving route position on the software surface. According to this algorithm, it may control and plan the aircraft level flight, through to limit of the aircraft security attitude and the route position.
This paper Conducted a systematic analysis of the bank queuing business applying discrete event system simulation theory and stochastic service system, using the event scheduling simulation strategy,and established simulation models based on latency time and the number of the window. We analysis the effectiveness of the model through comparison of the simulation results and the actual data. The model can provide a useful reference for the bank in saving costs, improving customer satisfaction.
Network emulation plays an important role in conducting performance analysis of network protocols and studying various network-related issues, such as Quality of Service of multimedia applications and traffic control algorithms. In this paper, we design and implement a Windows-based network emulator, WINPLEM, using the Network Driver Interface Specification technology. The emulator is capable of emulating various network attributes in real-time, including link bandwidth, packet loss, transmission delay and out-of-order packets. We study the performance of the emulator in trace-driven scenarios as well as in a streaming media application scenario. The experimental results indicate that WINPLEM is an effective network emulation tool for the Windows platform.
In this paper, we propose using local multitaper-singular value decomposition (Local-MTM-SVD) for spectrum sensing in OFDM-based cognitive radio (CR) systems. The spectrum sensing locality in this technique is enhanced by using single input at the primary (PR) transmitter and multi output antenna system (SIMO) at the different CR nodes (sensors). The global decision is declared using the OR rule at the CR basestation based on hard cooperation. This technique reduces the bandwidth of the feedback channel, and for powerful spectrum sensing technique; the MTM-SVD is used. Our proposed technique is examined using software simulation and theoretical analysis. The results show that there is a significant improvement in the probability of detection compared to using MTM only, or using the periodogram with single antenna in both AWGN and Rayleigh flat fading environments. We found the number of singular value squares that are useful in the technique is equal to or smaller than 2 when the total number of generated singular values is 4, and the MTM only technique tends to offer same performance as the Local-MTM-SVD technique using single antenna in the same conditions. The choice of the decision threshold level depends on the number of singular value squares which we used in the decision statistic.
Considering of the complexity of work flow in distribution center, system simulation has become an important tool for its design. Reasonable simulation goal, proper system modeling and correct simulation executing procedure is the precondition for reliable result. Taking a typical DC as an example, which purchases goods from many suppliers, stores them in its warehouse and delivers to their customers according to order, this paper developed a simulation model with Flexsim software, and then experimented with the model to observe the effect different scenarios may have on the behavior of the model. Based on the simulation statistical report data of model entities, the operation scheme, including the can be optimized with the goal of having the highest profit and the fittest inventory scale. The result illustrate that the highest profit is triple more than the lowest.
Lithium-ion batteries are very popular nowadays. In order to design and evaluate the performance of systems involving batteries, good models are required for systems simulation. In this paper, popular lithium-ion battery models are investigated and presented. Selection of appropriate models for a particular simulation will also be presented.
In this paper, a software simulation model is developed for a two wheels driven mobile robot motion controller that can navigate the robot safely through an unknown environment. The work involves the design of a controller, which has four functions: motion control; obstacle avoidance; self-location; and path planning both global and local. The proposed controller is responsible for the mobile robot navigation after it generates a trajectory between start and goal points. Also it enables the robot to operate successfully in the presence of various obstacles present in any user built maps. The mobile robot is able to locate its position on any given map. The dynamic of the mobile robot is examined and the time constant of the two motors, which affects the direction of the mobile robot motion, is controlled. Obstacle avoidance is implemented with Fuzzy Logic Controller. The numerical experiments demonstrated that the indoor robot navigated successfully in tight corridors, avoided obstacles and dealt with a variety of world maps with various irregular wall shapes that were presented to it.
This paper studies the price competition in the duopoly market without considering the non-price factor. The Gravity model is introduced and a new type of price competition model is established based on the game theory. Finally, using simulated data, the system simulation process is demonstrated, and the price competition result is given.
By analyzing the characteristic and the application of distributed interactive simulation (DIS) and high level architecture (HLA) and researching the management of federation object model and data distribution in DIS, A new method is presented to develop Petrochemical industry distributed interactive simulation adopting HLA technology. A simple petrochemical industry is modeled with HLA, the FOM and SOM are developed. The results of the instance research show that HLA plays an important role in developing distributed interactive simulation of complicated distributed system and the method is valid to solve the problem puzzling petrochemical industry.
An alternative to real-time simulation for hardware-in-the-loop testing is proposed. This involves system simulation, not necessarily done in real time, and real-time playback of the simulated output to the controller under test. The time-stamped controller output is stored and subsequently fed as an input to the simulation. This whole process is done iteratively as in the Waveform Relaxation method, till the waveforms converge. This method can be used for testing multiple and dispersed controller hardware and the associated communication equipment, e.g., wide-area measurement based control and system protection schemes. It also has the potential to be an alternative to real-time simulators which are expensive when large systems have to be simulated. The basic scheme and potential applications are discussed in this paper.
The recently proposed power-synchronization control for grid-connected voltage-source converters (VSCs) has been shown to be a feasible solution for high-voltage dc (HVDC) transmission connected to high-impedance weak ac systems. In this paper, power-synchronization control is investigated for VSC-HVDC connected to another type of weak ac system, i.e., low-inertia or island systems. As an example, a linear model of a typical island system feeding by a VSC-HVDC link, including a synchronous generator, an induction motor and some passive loads, is developed for tuning the control parameters of the VSCHVDC. Time simulations in PSCAD/EMTDC demonstrate that VSC-HVDC using power-synchronization control is flexible for various network conditions, such as large-ac-system connection, island systems, or passive networks. The time simulations also show that power-synchronization control can seamlessly handle transitions between the operation modes, as well as ride through ac-system faults in all network conditions.
This paper discusses a study funded the California Energy Commission (CEC), performed by New Power Technologies with Southern California Edison to validate a system-wide, distribution element-level (high definition) power system simulation using field measurements. Comparisons of system simulation results and field measurements showed that the simulation is a statistically significant predictor of field conditions. This confirms the simulation, derived from repurposed conventional utility data, as a usefully accurate representation of the system. It also suggests that simulation results could be used to estimate system conditions between sparse monitoring points. These results also demonstrate the close integration of wide-area system monitoring and a detailed system simulation, with extensive reliance on legacy field instrumentation, communication and data management infrastructure, with implications for smart grid applications.
This paper presents a discussion of the various approaches to model validation of power system models used in planning studies. It focuses on present approaches and emerging methodologies, particularly for validation of power system components/equipment. Results are presented for the current practice of component model validation (i.e. validation of single power plant models, or FACTS devices, etc.). Then it is shown how some of these techniques might be used to extend current approaches to consider system wide model validation. Finally a discussion is presented on future trends in planning and operational studies to meet the needs of the North American power system.
This paper describes experience with system model validation studies performed in the Western Interconnection. Experience and lessons learned are described. WECC efforts to enable periodic system model validation studies are also described.
EPRI sponsored a project to extend the CIM standard to support the exchange of dynamic power system models needed to perform system simulation studies for system dynamic assessment and for planning purposes. Current dynamic model exchanges require customized import/export software to convert from one proprietary format to another for each pair of vendor products, thus inhibiting free exchange between different simulation/analysis software tools. The business case and extensions to the CIM UML model and the new reference manuals for both standard and user-defined dynamic models are described. Results of recent interoperability tests to validate the completeness and correctness of the proposed standard are presented. IEC TC57 WG13 is currently progressing the drafts as new international standards that will be available in 2010 for use in improving overall transmission grid reliability and security. This work directly supports the NIST Smart Grid interoperability objectives.
As renewable electricity generation is increasing, several concerns are addressed by the Transmission System Operators (TSO) towards the management and the security of the electrical grid. This paper reviews solutions to ease the integration of renewable energy in the electrical systems through enhanced supervision of renewable generation as well as utilisation of short term or medium term storage system. Amount these solutions, supervision and storage allow to smooth output power, avoid congestion and participate in primary frequency control. Dynamic power system simulations are shown to illustrate the efficiency of the supervision methods.
Because it is almost impossible to train the dispatchers with real power system, the dispatcher training simulator (DTS) is used for the training. Among various components of the DTS, the power system model (PSM) emulates the dynamic behavior of the power system to calculate the frequency and voltage. In the PSM, the power plants are modeled as differential equations, so the mechanical power of the power plants is calculated by the numerical methods. Conventionally, the fixed step-size algorithm has been used in the PSM, however it has some drawbacks. This paper develops the prototype PSM using the Matlab, and analyzes the problems of the fixed step-size algorithm by comparing the results with those of PSCAD simulation considered as a real system. In order to overcome the limitations, the adaptive step size method for the PSM is proposed by modifying the general adaptive step size method. From the simulation using the proposed method, it is verified that the accuracy of the PSM is increased.
The advances in the implementation of the wearable system-on-chip pulse radar sensor for contact-less cardiac monitoring, designed and fabricated in 90 nm CMOS technology, are presented. The LNA, pulse generator and delay generator have been measured and their performances have demonstrated a good agreement with the simulation results. A review of the feasibility study based on building-block measurement results and system simulations confirm at this stage the results of the preliminary feasibility study.
Insufficient image-rejection due to I/Q mismatch considerably degrades the performance of modern wireless communication systems. This paper presents a SystemC-AMS front-to back-end modeling approach in a Low-IF receiver system with a digital adaptive filter for I/Q mismatch compensation. With the proposed approach, the non-ideal behavioral of the analog building blocks concerning I/Q imbalance is mapped and the performance of compensation filter based on LMS algorithm can be verified efficiently during the system simulation. Simulation results confirmed the feasibility of the implementation of such a compensation filter for increasing the image rejection performance of the Low-IF receiver front end.
Firstly the take-up and let-off mechatronics are considered as the winding and unreeling machines respectively. The mathematics model of the servo control system is set up, and the MATLAB software is used to model and simulate. Secondly the actual system has been simplified to establish mechatronics model of the system. On the made virtual prototype platform of new loom, the control toolbox of ADAMS software is used to establish control model of system, and a simulation has been made. The Control plug-in modules of ADAMS software are combined with MATLAB / Simulink to establish a unite simulation model of the mechanical and control system. The interactive simulation and analysis has been made, not only reflects the advantages of combinations of two kinds of excellent engineering software, but also achieves collaborative design strategy of the mechanical and control systems. The parameters of winding and unreeling, reducer and increaser controller have been decided. In this paper, the 3D virtual prototype of a typical mechanical transmission system (speed regulation) of the loom is completed. The modeling and simulation methods can be applied to the performance analysis and design of other system, and have important theoretical significance and practical engineering value.
In the simulation platform of high-speed train control system, it is necessary to simulate the track circuit occupation in order to provide basic conditions for other simulated equipment to calculate movement authority or generate track circuit code. A problem with the simulation of track circuit is that there may be more than one track circuit sections corresponding to one kilometer post. To solve this problem, this paper proposes an algorithm to precisely identify the occupied track circuit sections. In this algorithm, by using the signal machine as a reference origin, in combination with the the route information received from the simulated computer based interlocking equipment, train mileage is increased or decreased based on train running direction to find the occupied track circuit sections. The reference origin is always changing and the occupied track circuits inside or outside the station are identified by a unified 鈥渞oute鈥? This algorithm can find the occupied track circuit in a route of any complexity and reduce the accumulated error by using the changing reference origin and clearing the train mileage, thus solving the difference between the real and simulated track circuit. This algorithm reduces the complexity of simulating the occupation state of track circuit and lays a foundation for the construction of high-speed train control system simulation platform.
Recent developments in wireless technologies have created opportunities for developing next-generation manufacturing systems with real-time traceability, visibility and interoperability in shop floor planning, execution and control. This paper discusses how to deploy wireless and intelligent technologies to convert physical objects in manufacturing systems into smart objects to introduce and improve the interoperability and visibility between them and thus with manufacturing decision support systems. A reference architecture for wireless manufacturing (WM) is proposed where three types of smart objects are identified. At the same time, the concept of smart object agent (SOA) is presented and the corresponding framework of smart objects management system (SOMS) is constructed. Under this framework and the concept of SOA, a SOA-based WM environment is studied and demonstrated using a near real-life simplified product assembly line for the collection and synchronization of the real-time field data from manufacturing workshops.
Network emulation is an efficient method for evaluating distributed applications and communication protocols by combining the benefits of real world experiments and network simulation. The process of network emulation involves execution of thousands of connected virtual nodes running the software under test in a controlled environment. Along with the quality of the experiment results, the runtime of network experiments strongly influences the convenience of users and operators of emulation testbeds. The goal of this paper is, therefore, to minimize the experiment runtime of network emulations. In order to achieve this goal, we make the following contributions in this paper: First, we present a highly scalable emulation architecture to efficiently support network emulation testbeds with multicore CPUs. Second, we propose a detailed and generic cost model for the communication costs of emulation testbeds. Third, we present an efficient placement strategy (NETplace) to assign virtual nodes to physical nodes of the testbed while minimizing the runtime of network experiments. Therefore, we combine graph partitioning and greedy approaches. Our evaluations show that our placement strategy outperforms existing methods by reducing the experiment runtime up to 64%.
In principle, the entire world can earnestly exploit sensors and pervasive systems to great societal benefits. In practice, however, there are no widely known models or tools for evaluating, simulating or benchmarking their performance. Unlike traditional distributed systems, where the resource/needs of computation and communication dominate the performance equation, pervasive systems forge new metrics and requirements. First, sensing should be accounted for, in addition to computing and communication. This includes sensing latency and sensing energy consumption. Second, sentience efficiency should be established as a critical metric of performance; oversampling a sensor or unnecessarily sensing another decreases both sentience efficiency and energy efficiency. In this keynote, I will present a performance model of pervasive systems based on a symbiotic relationship between the massive-scale networks of sensors and the cloud. I will show why initial processing of sensor data must take place deep in-network, or the cloud could be bottlenecked. I will also show the role of edge computing and how it connects sensors to the cloud, enables pervasive decisioning and improves performance. I will present the Atlas sensor platform, an in-network sensing, communication and processing technology utilized to implement the cloud-edge-sensor collaboration model. I will then report on several performance evaluation studies based on Atlas, including in-network sensor query optimization, in-network phenomena detection and tracking and in-network event-condition-action rule evaluations. Finally, I will present Persim, a recent effort to create pervasive system simulation environments with focus on activity recognition and dataset generation and validation. I will end with a summary of grand challenges and opportunities in the area of pervasive systems performance modeling and evaluation.
The paper by established the mathematical model of Chaotic Oscillator detection system, has studied the dynamics characteristic of the Chaos Oscillator and the impact of noise on the system separately. According to the system simulation research, chaotic oscillator detection theory is demonstrated to be highly advanced in the respect of noise suppression ability and weak signal detection field.
A baseband multi-carrier code division multiple access (MC-CDMA) downlink receiver meeting wideband CDMA (WCDMA) bandwidth requirements is simulated and implemented into a field programmable gate array (FPGA) platform. The receiver was designed and implemented to achieve low FPGA resource consumption via the use of low-complexity DSP algorithms and temporal multiplexing techniques. Bit-error-rate (BER) measurements were performed using a laboratory static wireless channel setup in the 2.4 GHz unlicensed band with different modulation schemes and numbers of active users. Measurement results show good agreement with system simulations.
In order to solve the problem how to receive signals arriving simultaneously in electronic reconnaissance receiver, a no-blind area and efficient digital channelized receiving model is derived from traditional low-pass filter structure. CORDIC algorithm is adopted to realize the extraction of instantaneous amplitude and instantaneous phase after channelization. The phase difference algorithm is used to realize digital instantaneous frequency measurement. The model of channelization is verified correct by system simulation.
In view of existing situation of the inconsistent power system model, a method of CIM modeling for power secondary system is given, based on better understanding and the analysis of the primary system CIM modeling. Combined with the particular characters of the secondary system, it establishes CIM model for the transformer protection and the input loop of the secondary networks. Then it shows the method is proper and feasible. Some important issue about further research is put forward as well.
Based on the Proteus simulation software, the circuits of MCU controlling LED clock have been designed. The circuits include four parts: Hardware design, software programming, software simulation and physical display. Eventually, through the Proteus software simulation and physical display prove that the method of the circuit design is correct. This paper systematically introduces the design method of MCU controlling circuits and provides a complete design idea for the design of display circuit.
This paper presents a new topology for a high voltage 50kV, high frequency (HF) 20kHz, multi-cored transformer. The transformer is suitable for use in pulsed power application systems. The main requirements are: high voltage capability, small size and weight. The HV, HF transformer is the main critical block of a high frequency power converter system. The transformer must have high electrical efficiency and in the proposed approach has to be optimized by the number of the cores. The transformer concept has been investigated analytically and through software simulations and experiments. This paper introduces the transformer topology and discusses the design procedure. Experimental measurements to predict core losses are also presented. The losses of epoxy coated nanocrystalline are compared to the losses in new bare (uncoated) core.
This contribution deals with using the hybrid control architecture for walking gait generation of the four legged robot. The main aim is to design and implement the control basis layer. Software simulation is used for validation of proposed solution.
When simulating the large scale air defense and antimissile system, the subsystem simulation must have the qualifications of both good effect and high efficiency. To meet the needs, this paper studied on the simulation method of the clutter suppression for the ground based radar in the large system particularly. It proposed building the database of the clutter suppression ratio through abundant simulations beforehand, and then acquiring the clutter suppression ratio by looking up the table or interpolation when simulating the large system. The affection the clutter does to radar detection is analyzed at first. Then the clutter modeling method and clutter suppression modeling method are studied. Next this paper gives the rules of the clutter suppression performance of MTI vary with the related factors by simulation. Finally it introduces the concrete method of building the clutter suppression performance database of MTI under a fixed circumstance. The proposed simulation method has both good effect and high efficiency which can be used in the large scale air defense and antimissile simulation system.
A bandwidth adaptable third-order all-digital phase-locked loop (PLL) based on PI control algorithm is proposed in this paper. On the analysis of the mathematical model of analog PLL system, mathematical model for bandwidth adaptable all-digital PLL is firstly established and theoretical analysis is therefore carried out, and then the relationship between the proportional/integral parameters of the PLL and the input signal frequency is derived. And finally under the Matlab/Simulink庐 environment, system-level model for the PLL is directly constructed using DSP Builder庐, and system design is completed by using VHDL and is implemented on a FPGA based platform. Both system simulation and experimental results confirm the correctness of the design. The control parameters of this PLL change adaptively with the variation of input signal frequency, and it features with its high frequency-locking speed, wide frequency-tracking range, easy integration and broad versatility.
This paper presents a fundamental steady-state theory of the doubly-fed induction machine, including its analogy with the classical synchronous machine. Formulas for the real and reactive powers at the stator and rotor terminals are derived in a form suitable for machine design calculations. The formulas show the relationship between the voltage applied at the rotor terminals and the real and reactive power flows, providing a useful link between machine-design calculations and external system simulation. The theory is developed from first principles using phasors, and includes many details that are missing or obscure in the classical works on induction machines.
While analytical descriptions of the electrical machine perform very well with respect to computational time giving acceptable results when compared to measurements, one may sacrifice the low computational effort in order to obtain more accurate results by including a Finite Element Analysis of the electrical machine. With this approach it is possible to study effects such as saturation and mutual influences in combination with the power electronics and the control. In this paper such a field-circuit coupled simulation of a PMSM servo drive is performed and the results are discussed. Furthermore, the different components are introduced and explained.
The paper describes the possibility of using high-efficiency motors to fans mill drives. Criteria for economic analysis of replacing standard motors by energy-saving ones are quoted. The results of this analysis are presented. Mathematical models of induction motors for dynamic tests are briefly described. Simulation and measurement results of start-up for standard and energy-saving motors used in fans mill drives are given. Advisability of such a replacement is presented in the paper conclusion..
The present paper describes the implementation of an industrial regulator in a real time Hardware-In-the-Loop simulation of a mixed islanded power network including precise models of the hydraulic system. The studied network is composed of three different types of electrical power generation systems and a consumer.
In direct drive applications TFM have been proposed as a powerful alternative. A working TFG and an appropriate power converter were developed. Transient simulation of the system with relevant disturbance influences is done efficiently. A current control is used to optimize power-feedback into the grid. Measurements show positive results.
In discrete event system simulation, random samples from probability distributions are typically used as input for a model. Since these samples are just a sequence of observations generated by random processes that could have large variability, therefore the results of each run can vary substantially. As a consequence, a suitable number of replications must be executed in order to provide good accuracy on estimation of key performance indicators. This paper aims to propose two systematic approaches to manage simulation campaigns automatically. The method behind these approaches increase the runs' number iteratively in order to reduce error on performance indicator estimation, thus respecting precision requirements on simulation output results. The presented approaches can be used for both terminating and non-terminating systems.
In 2008 and 2009, Amonix installed 300 kW of its seventh-generation systems in Las Vegas, USA. Use of III-V multijunction cells resulted in a ~30%reduction in the cost of energy of Amonix CPV solar power plants. AC system efficiencies currently reach 25%and energy yield is over 2500 kW-hr/kW. A performance model has been developed that predicts system output based on the spectral response of the III-V multijunction cell corrected for operating conditions. This model is used to inform ongoing system optimization. Systems installed in 2010 are expected to deliver over 10%more power and energy.
2D hydrodynamic computer simulation of non stationary regimes of the glow discharge was developed. The collision ionization, electron-ions recombination and secondary electron emission were taken into account in the model. Model allows carrying out calculations of non-stationary regimes of the glow discharge.
A new method for relative short distance measurement of reflective surfaces was designed. The relative distance is derived from a frequency where two interfering coherent signals (one is reflected from the measured object, the second is a reference one) create a sharp signal minimum. The viability of the method was preliminary experimentally verified in X-band. Potential possibilities of the method were tested by software simulation. Sub-micron distance resolution in industrial applications can be supposed.
Polarimetric agile radar can be used to estimate all elements of the polarization-dependent backscattering matrix (BSM) simultaneously. Stringent requirements, such as amplitude and phase matching between channels, cross-channel isolation and polarization isolation, for a dual-channel polarimetric agile radar system have to be investigated. The radar system simulation is a practical and effective approach to evaluate these requirements. This paper presents the modelling and simulation of the dual-channel FMCW polarimetric agile radar system by using Agilent Advanced Design System (ADS) simulation software. The paper focuses on investigating the limitations of cross-channel isolation and estimating the error of BSM components in polarimetric agile radar system simulations.
The synchronized phasor measurement unit (PMU), developed in the 1980s, is considered to be one of the most important devices in the future of power systems. While PMU measurements currently cover fewer than 1%of the nodes in the U.S. power grid, the power industry has gained the momentum to advance the technology and install more units. However, with limited resources, the installation must be selective. Previous PMU placement research has focused primarily on the network topology, with the goal of finding configurations that achieve full network observability with a minimum number of PMUs. Here we present a new approach that also includes stochastic models for the signals and measurements, to characterize the observability and corresponding uncertainty of any given configuration of PMUs, whether that configuration achieves full observability or not. We hope that this approach can provide planning engineers with a new tool to help choose between PMU placement alternatives.
This paper presents an enhanced continuation power flow algorithm for static power system voltage stability assessment, considering the effect of frequency deviation on loads and generator outputs. In the proposed approach, equations representing generator-governor characteristics as well as voltage and frequency dependence of loads are incorporated into the system of equations of the power flow problem. This augmented system of equations is linearised and solved iteratively in a single frame of reference in order to obtain an equilibrium point for given operative conditions. The proposed method is applied in two power systems and the results are compared with those obtained by a conventional continuation power flow.
This work presents a top-down design methodology for a behavioral modeling System, based on smart sensors for aerospace structures monitoring, implemented on a MATLAB/Simulink environment. The modeled acquisition platform in this aeronautic health monitoring systems (AHMS) is built using the following specific sensors: humidity, pressure, temperature, stress and acceleration. For this application it has been implemented frequency acquisition techniques ensuring optimum noise immunity, particularly: a signal acquisition technique based on voltage to frequency converter, capacitance to frequency and frequency to code converters (VtoF-cC, CtoF-cC). The Matlab-Simulink model presents a high accuracy level in signal acquisition and conditioning compared to the electrical system simulation behavior.
In robot-assisted surgery, it may be important to provide force feedback to the hand of the surgeon. Here we examine how force feedback from each degree of freedom (DOF) on a hand controller affects the motion accuracy of a surgical tool. We studied the motion accuracy of a needle-shaped tool in performing a robot-assisted tracing task. On a virtual simulation of the tool and neuroArm robot, human participants manipulated a hand controller to move the tool attached to the end-effector of the robot. They used the tool to trace a line on pipes (mimicking blood vessels) along 3 orthogonal directions, corresponding to 3 DOF on the hand controller. We observed that force feedback from each DOF on the hand controller had a significant effect on the motion accuracy of the tool during tracing. Varying force conditions yielded insignificant difference in motion accuracy. These results indicate a need of revising the hand controller for achieving improved motion accuracy in performing robot-assisted tasks.
Using information technologies (IT), multimedia, animated figures and interactive simulations, the teachers can enlighten, clarify much more than by non-animated figures, usual text and speech. Within the frame of a European Union program a multimedia software was developed for supporting the education of Electrical Engineering at Universities and within this general program the teaching of Nonlinear Dynamics, Power Electronics and Motion Control. They are, of course only a small section of the whole program. The current paper gives a brief account of the work from the field Nonlinear Dynamics and Power Electronics covering only a few interactive animated screens about Manifolds, Bifurcations and a few examples from Power Electronics. They were selected to show how the animated figures can help both the students and the teachers to understand and make the students comprehend the rather complicated, sophisticated concepts.
In the paper current results of a project devoted to develop a concept and perform an implementation of Intelligent Manufacturing System are presented. By now, hardware for a factory floor has been selected and software for different system levels has been designed and implemented. Industrial testbed was constructed and the system was installed and tested in a real factory. It was shown that modern embedded PC controllers facilitate the integration of human operators and manufacturing resources into Manufacturing Control and Monitoring System.
In order for wave energy conversion to be a commercially viable technology, wave energy researchers, developers, investors and utilities need an estimate of a wave energy converter's (WEC) power output at a potential installation site. The wind industry has developed generic turbine models that capture the general dynamics of large-scale proprietary wind turbine designs in order to estimate a turbine's power output for a given wind climate. Similar generic models need to be developed for WECs. Current WEC deigns vary significantly in design and technology. The focus of this paper is on developing a generic model structure for one of the prominent WEC designs, the two body point absorber. The model structure is developed by using time domain equations of motion (EOM) to define systems and subsystems as well as their corresponding inputs and outputs. The generic model structure is then extended by developing a hydraulic power take-off (PTO) system model.
Abstract-this paper discusses power quality improvement by using a combination of passive filters and DG units in power systems. The system simulation results are done for a system consisting of DG units and nonlinear loads. Passive filters are used to compensate reactive power and eliminate dominant harmonics however they have a limited band width ad unable to compensate load unbalance and harmonics completely. So DG units are used in this paper in order to improve compensation characteristic of passive filters and compensate load unbalance. Simulation results are demonstrated to show the effectiveness of proposed configuration.
This paper discusses power quality improvement by using a combination of passive filters and DG units in power systems. The system simulation results are done for a system consisting of DG units and nonlinear loads. Passive filters are used to compensate reactive power and eliminate dominant harmonics however they have a limited band width and they are unable to compensate load unbalance and harmonics completely. So DG units are used in this paper in order to improve compensation characteristic of passive filters and compensate load unbalance. Simulation results are demonstrated to show the effectiveness of proposed configuration.
The aim of this paper is to introduce a new approach for electrical power network modeling. It is based on fractal geometry. Over a wide range of frequency, power systems exhibit capacitive, inductive and resonant behaviors. In the resonant range, the authors show that it is possible to model the average behavior of the resonances by a power law. Its exponent is measured by a box counting method applied to a fractal analogous to the network. The resulting model is both accurate and of reduced order.
In the paper the application of energy storage for enhancing distributed energy sources penetration and contributing to better quality of energy delivery to customers was investigated. A simulation method was used to study the effectiveness of complex control algorithms of energy storage system enabling load leveling and simultaneous voltage stabilization effect in grid-connected microsystem. The energy storage ability of grid forming and local power balancing after transition to island operation of the microgrid has also been examined.
This paper presents a method for calculation of stationary Power Quality Disturbances-PQD based on measurements, distribution system modeling and Monte Carlo techniques. A method to simulate PQD with specific random behavior based on Perfect Sampling is proposed. Three non-sinusoidal conditions power quantities are employed to illustrate the proposed methodology, and a proposal for statistical interpretation of simulated results is presented as well.
Analog VLSI circuits are being used successfully to implement Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs). These analog circuits exhibit nonlinear transfer function characteristics and suffer from device mismatches, degrading network performance. Because of the high cost involved with analog VLSI production, it is beneficial to predict implementation performance during design. We present an FPGA-based accelerator for the emulation of large (500+ synapses, 10k+ test samples) single-neuron ANNs implemented in analog VLSI. We used hardware time-multiplexing to scale network size and maximize hardware usage. An on-chip CPU controls the data flow through various memory systems to allow for large test sequences. We show that Block-RAM availability is the main implementation bottleneck and that a trade-off arises between emulation speed and hardware resources. However, we can emulate large amounts of synapses on an FPGA with limited resources. We have obtained a speedup of 30.5 times with respect to an optimized software implementation on a desktop computer.
Communication latencies directly influence the performance of distributed virtual simulations due to existent dependencies between simulation elements. The High Level Architecture (HLA) was designed to organize these simulations and reduce communication overhead. Even though the framework successfully manages data distribution, it is not concerned of communication distances and the network topology, which generate mostly of the delays in simulations. In order to provide a solution for organizing distribution simulations according to communication aspects, many approaches have been proposed. The approaches that provide a broader solution consider the proximity of resources in their redistribution algorithms. Even though these schemes considerably improves simulation performance, they are based on static characteristics of networking resources. Thus, a redistribution scheme is proposed to include communication delay as the main balancing metric and to detect the dynamic changes in systems' communication load. Experiments have been performed to compare the proposed scheme with the previous distributed scheme and to determine the effectiveness of using delay for balancing HLA-based simulations.
In this paper, according to the characteristic of AC-excited variable speed constant frequency wind turbine generation, stator voltage orientation vector control strategy is adopted in double-fed induction generator (DFIG). Firstly, the paper studies the running characters of DFIG, and the principle of DFIG under no-load cutting-in condition. Then according to the mathematical model of DFIG under no-load cutting-in condition, the paper proposes a higher-order sliding mode controller for the model. Finally, a comprehensive system simulation on the no-load operation before cutting-in, the transient process at the cutting-in moment and the DFIG tracks the maximum wind energy after cutting-in. Compared the proposed method with adopting PI control. The simulation results validate the proposed method in the paper is an idle method of the cutting-in.
This paper designs the H鈭?state feedback controller of the low-orbit satellite to achieve the high precision attitude control. Based on the analysis of the system uncertainty and environment disturbance of the low-orbit satellite, H鈭?method is adopted and the LMI arithmetic is used to make the computation easier. The results of the system simulation prove that the algorithm is useful and can make the attitude control system achieve the high precision requirements.
Smart Wires is a family of three Distributed FACTS (D-FACTS) technologies able to realize low-cost transmission line monitoring and power flow control in meshed networks. Smart Wires will allow utilities to increase power transfers in meshed networks by increasing average line utilization. The technology is projected to have significantly lower cost and lead time than alternatives, namely new line construction, reconductoring, or conventional FACTS technology. This paper overviews the work done to date to demonstrate the feasibility and impact of the technology, including prototype development and system simulations.
Due to climate change issues, fossil fuel depletion and increasing economic pressure, "smart" cities will have significantly altered physical, social and economic systems, built upon smart infrastructure. Key infrastructure is energy, with focus on electricity. The paradigm of physical, data transfer and information flow layers of the smart city power grid is shown. Challenges of the new urban development arising from the presented paradigm of the future power grid are defined and tools for approach to creation of an testbed simulator with respect to new hazards defined. The goal is to create a platform for analyzing emergent phenomena in future power systems, based the electricity infrastructure of a smart city.
Currently, there is a deep discussion going on among the power system society about the architecture of the future system. In practice, the smart grid concept is expected to be applied in various different forms and there will be a need for significant investments in both existing and new infrastructures. In this drastically evolving environment, policy makers and electric utilities are finding themselves in challenging positions to plan and prioritize methodologies and initiatives for future developments. Among others, decentralized power generation is gaining significance in liberalized electricity markets, and small size electricity consumers become also producers (prosumers). The scope of this paper is to map those factors (and their interactions) that influence the load profile, and provide a methodology for modeling the behavior of electricity prosumers. Simulations provide a time and cost effective way to vision the future power system and promote the most efficient solutions. The importance of including the behavior of a large amount of small size prosumers in power system simulations will be outlined, and this concept will be illustrated through an example of modeling car drivers' behavior in order to assess the grid impact of electric vehicles charging in Dutch residential areas.
With avionics system getting more sophisticated, Electric Instrument System simulation has become an important component of the aero plane simulator that it can enhance the simulators' authenticity and effectiveness. Based on line maintenance, the architecture of A320 Electric Instrument System is established. A UML modeling methodology is applied while object-oriented analysis to the system is done. The Airbus A320 EIS' analysis of functional requirements is met by Use Case Diagram. The design with class and package is used to establish a static structure model of EIS. Both Statechart Diagram and Sequence Diagram are used to establish a dynamic model of EIS. According to these above, a concise, clear and feasible technical solution is provided for implementation of the system function.
This communication system transmits RF and digital signals over optical fibers, resulting in low cross coupling, immunity to inter-board EMI/RFI, high isolation of adjacent circuitry, low power, and a miniature form factor.
In order to train high quality overhead crane operating personnel, overhead crane operator training system based on virtual reality is imperative and in great demand. This paper aims at developing an Overhead crane training system based on virtual reality technology. The article points out that the application of virtual reality technology will be trend in overhead crane operator teaching simulation, introduces a virtual simulation on overhead crane operator teaching system and its achieving components. This paper focuses on the building of virtual simulation platform and its key technologies. It also introduces the 3D modelling, kinetic analysis of crane, control of hardware system, and analyses and prospects of the application of the simulation system.
Studying the resilience of complex systems and Critical Infrastructures (CI), e.g., the Internet, in order to improve protection and response mechanisms is an important research activity due to their vital role in modern economy and society. Such studies are frequently based on experimentation using a) real systems, b) software simulation or c) hardware emulation. In this paper we present how our emulation testbed, based on Emulab, is able to realistically reproduce real system configurations (fidelity or system representativeness). We compare experimental results between two different emulation configurations against a reference configuration without use of emulation (real). Our results lead to two main contributions. First, we confirm that the current trend of using emulation testbeds is justified as both realistic and efficient. We highlight the fact that Emulab-based configurations are representative of real systems in terms of emerging behavior (qualitative) and that the interpretation of experimental results should not be based on absolute numbers, e.g., performance metrics, because exact values are highly hardware dependent. Secondly, we indicate that users of Emulab-based testbeds should favor the 鈥漝elay-node-shaping鈥?rather than the 鈥漞nd-node-shaping鈥?strategy because it frequently leads to more consistent results.
In logic, an argument is valid if true premises cannot be associated with false conclusions. However, this criterion is hardly applicable to real-world complex systems, hence it needs to be weakened: critical systems engineering, for example, requires acceptability rather than truth. Validity cannot be assumed, nor is it transitive; it has to be demonstrated within a context and related to a specific set of requirements. We present here work directed towards developing a structured argument of validity for a complex systems simulation - part of a plant ecology case-study. Firstly, we define the difficulties of claiming validity for complex systems simulations. We then proceed to analysing the spectrum of assumptions and abstractions that were involved in constructing the biological model and simulation, and how these influence the scope of our validity claim. Finally, we provide an initial structured argument for the simulation's validity, using critical systems techniques.
At present, the Chinese COMPASS navigation satellite system is under investigation and construction. The construction of COMPASS follows a step-by-step pattern based on technical and economic evolution in China, and the current design is to cover Asia-Pacific area around 2012, and all over the world before 2020. Low Earth Orbit (LEO) satellite systems provide wide coverage for their data and/or voice services. The additional COMPASS compatible signals from LEO telecommunication satellites can remarkably improve the availability and accuracy of COMPASS positioning. This paper focuses on the performance of COMPASS augmentation using a proposed LEO satellite system. The COMPASS satellite system is briefly reviewed. Positioning with pseudo-range is analyzed. The performance of COMPASS augmentation using LEO satellite system in China and its neighboring area is studied with software simulation. The results of simulation are presented using the number of visible satellites as a measure of availability, Position Dilution of Precision (PDOP) as a measure of accuracy with spatial and temporal variations. The results show that the LEO satellite system improves the availability and accuracy of COMPASS positioning in China and its neighboring area.
This paper looks at the adoption challenges of multiagent systems as an implementation of the intelligent manufacturing concept, which intends to offer a system characterized by its flexibility, reconfigurability, autonomy, reliability and learning capabilities. It describes the concept of multi-agent systems, its generic architecture and some relevant industrial implementations. Additionally, it analyzes the main multi-agent challenges looking for its benefits in the manufacturing industry, but also exposing its limitations and barriers for a widely industry adoption.
Classic SPWM control mainly focused on making the output voltage of inverter transformer as close as possible to the sine wave, did not take into account the output current waveform. The voltage space vector PWM (SVPWM) control, considering the inverter and AC motor as an integral whole, control the inverter in accordance with the circular track of the rotating magnetic field, can work better. In this paper, introduce the basic space vector PWM (SVPWM) principles, and build permanent magnet synchronous motor vector control system simulation model based on SVPWM in MATLAB/Simulink environment, and finally study the entire system simulation, by output waveform analysis, validate the system has good static and dynamic performance.
Based on conclusion of difficulty and problems of hydropower plant training and the latest information techniques, the architecture of an interactive virtual environments based remote training system of hydropower plant is proposed. In addition, the key techniques are analyzed and virtual simulation models are set up. At last, the application software is discussed in detail. The field test result shows that interface functions are good and it provides perfect methods for personnel training. The system has a good popularization and application prospect.
Base on the characteristics of the shunt active power filter, we uses the power electronic devices of the MATLAB/Simulink to model the system, uses self-compiled S-function to carry out the ip-iq current detection algorithm. In order to compensate the harmonic currents generated by the non-linear load and the reactive power of the process, the PWM signal is generated to drive the IGBT by the way of hysteretic current-tracking control. The simulation results show that the system simulation effectively simulate the establishing process of the DC side capacitor voltage at different stages and the harmonic current's compensation status in the corresponding stages, which is an important guiding significance to the shunt active power filter in the practical application.
In order to seek a new simulation modeling method of container terminal systems and to overcome some shortcomings of the existing methods, a digital logical circuit simulation model of unloading operation was build for simulating the working condition of container handling equipments and logic events by software Electronics Workbench5.0. Simulation results show that the model can accurately reflect actual unloading operation and that it's feasible to simulate discrete systems by digital circuit simulation software. Then, an implementation method for container terminal systems' simulation using Hardware Design Language (HDL) was proposed. This study contributes to reducing differences among system simulation experiments, reality system and automatic control design of terminal systems, and Hardware/Software Co-design of terminal systems.
The electronic information display console is an important device displaying integrated information on some type of large-scale ship. The human-computer interface (HCI) design that is not good enough will cause inefficiency or injury to the operators. If the deficiency is discovered while working, it will cost much labor, money and time. The virtual simulation method is tried to use evaluating the HCI design. Set the evaluation criteria on the basis of ergonomics theories such as the characteristic of human motion. Establish the models on CATIA platform, set the parameters in the Human Model Module and run the simulation. Analyze the results of the simulation according to the ergonomics theories such as the dynamic body measurement, the standards of the workspace design, and bring out the suggestions such as reducing the height by approximately 230mm of the screen. This method could be well used to evaluate the HCI design of other similar type of devices in the control room.
From the perspective of the characteristics of the elevator group control system, this paper selects the shortest distance algorithm as a scheduling strategy, and constructs elevator running model. On this basis, this paper uses VC++6.0 as development platform, by adding SQL server database as the background, using multi-threaded, dynamic allocation of memory and other technology to build an elevator group control system simulation platform. The platform is verified through a large number of simulation data based on the actual operation of the acquisition, whose results show the feasibility, stability and the superiority of the programmer.
This research studies the magnetic field and forces on the windings of transformer due to short circuit. Three dimensional finite element computation of three-phase power transformer is carried out. The model developed have been applied to power transformer and the results are verified experimentally. To verify the computation results, they are compared with those obtained using ANSYS software simulation.
The aim of water distribution system modeling and optimization is to enhance water safety. The decision support system (DSS) consists of water supply system simulation, water demand prediction, optimization and operation status evaluation. In this paper, theories, technical development and application of the DSS are discussed, which include the combination of GIS, SCADA and hydraulic model. Aiming at the economy and safety of water supply, the methods of pump scheme and pipe failure analysis are adopted and the water supply optimization system is developed and put into practical application.
Microstrip transmission line has some unique filter characteristics. This paper analyses filter characteristics of two kinds of parallel transmission line with specified length on basis of Y parameter theory. Loa-pass filter Matlab and Pspice software simulation proves the correctness of the analysis. Due to the advantages of simple structure and easy integration, parallel transmission lines can be widely used in the elements of MMIC (Monolithic Microwave Integrated Circuit).
This paper proposes terminal sliding mode controller of steam turbine-generator valve for multi-machine power system. The controller's control objective is to make the system state tracking center of inertia (COI). Control laws are designed separately for each generator's sub-system in order to achieve decoupling and practical controller. Considering the uncertain external disturbances, adaptive gain control is designed in order to estimate the upper bound of disturbances, so that the controller has strong robustness. According to Lyapunov theory, the stability of control system is proved. Four-machine system simulation results show that terminal sliding mode valve controller based on COI signal can damp power oscillation and improve the stability of interconnected power systems. At the same time, the COI signal within a certain range of delay does not produce significant effect on stability control effectiveness.
In this paper, with the purpose of improvement of power devices properties, the floating-junction technology was used in the 4H-SiC Schottky barrier diodes (SBD) and some parameters were optimized by software simulation. And compared with the conventional power SBDs, the electrical properties of floating-junction Schottky barrier diodes, especially the reverse blocking properties were enhanced. The breakdown voltage and specific on-resistance could reach 4.5KV and 6.15 m惟.cm2 respectively, while in company with the increasing of Baliga figure of material (BFOM). Then we also investigated the devices switching process and temperature characteristics under definite conditions.
Because of the limitation of models in existing power system simulation softwares, only frequency fluctuations in a small range can be simulated in such environment. Relative bigger frequency fluctuations in islanding systems can not be simulated in them. To solve that problem, the OPC control logic of generating units was studied, and was simplified properly. The speed control model and protection model of generation units for islanding operation analysis were also developed in this paper. Furthermore, these models were set up in a user-defined environment of PSASP7.0 together, with other original components in the software, comprised a control simulation platform for islanding system operation. Its operational status was simulated and analyzed in a real system as an example, which proved that the reasonableness and practicality of the established simulation platform.
Collision detection plays an important role in the robot motion planning, virtual environment, distributed interactive simulation. As the geometric complexity of the virtual environment and parallel computing capability of modern CPU increase, and the aim to achieve rapid precise collision detection, parallel technology is widely used in collision detection algorithm. The paper describes several parallel collision detection algorithms, and has focused on the analysis and comparison of parallel technology.
AFDX is a new generation network system of airborne devices. It is superior to use the simulation technology of network to research the real-time and deterministic performance in the AFDX system. For realizing the simulation of AFDX system, the simulation model of AFDX system should be built at first. Therefore, modeling has become the core issue about the simulation of AFDX system. After briefly introduced the AFDX system and its composition, on the basic of analyzing various function demands of different parts, the simulation models of AFDX End System, Switch and Virtual Link have been researched and built combined with the queuing theory. In accordance with the established models, a simulation of AFDX network system has been realized, and the deterministic problem of the AFDX network has been researched.
In this paper we present an agent based evaluation mechanism in a context of multi-agent participatory simulation applied to rodent control. Our training environment is based on (1) an agent based ecosystems simulation as well as actor's avatar interacting with the simulation; and (2) a negotiation based skill evaluation of the actors' behaviors during the simulation. This paper highlights how the combination of these two approaches can help improving rodent control efficiency.
Load model has great impacts on the power system simulation results, while in transient stability analysis the traditional load models have some disadvantages which can't describe the load shedding characteristic when low voltage disturbances happened. Thus, a new load model is proposed in this paper after the investigation of the field measurement data and the load characteristics of some equipment under low voltage. Several new parameters describing the load shedding characteristic are provided in the new load model which can be derived by identifying the field data. With these new parameters, the load difference caused by the load shedding during the low voltage disturbances can be well illustrated. The improved load model has larger application ranges and better properties in describing the nature of the load dynamic behaviors during the transient stability analysis which also improves the reliability of the simulation. The field measurement data illustrate its efficiency.
In the paper a modeling of a current source inverter (CSI) is described. The space vector modulation strategy applied for the CSI is analyzed in detail. The harmonic performance of CSI is investigated in the paper. The work is demonstrated by simulation results.
This paper describes a design of grid-simulator for an experiment of transient stability of grid-connected renewable energy system. A transient analysis of renewable energy system has been researched by a simulation, because a direct connection of renewable energy system to the real utility under transient grid conditions is dangerous and it is hard to produce the transient grid conditions with direct grid connection. If a grid-simulator is used in the transient stability experiment, the transient grid condition might be generated easily using reference data without any impact on the grid. A back-to-back converter was employed as a grid-simulator. The grid-simulator was designed by simulation with PSCAD/EMTDC. In order to confirm its physical operational characteristics, the grid-simulator was manufactured and its experiment results showed that the grid-simulator could generate transient grid conditions without any influence to the grid.
Three methods for the induction motor (IM) applying the interconnection and damping assignment passivity based control (IDA-PBC) have been summarized and compared with each other. After comparison, the IM system controlled by the third IDA-PBC method containing a load torque observer based on adaptation mechanism presents a better performance in accurately tracking the variable rotor speed and being robust to the load torque disturbance. Then, the third method is combined with a sensorless control utilizing the difference between the real and the estimated stator currents to estimate the rotor speed, besides, a novel method of rotor resistance adaptive identification based on rotor flux orientation is included to improve the EVI system performance. At last, the system simulation is implemented and research results validate the EVI system controlled by the third IDA-PBC method including the rotor speed estimator and rotor resistance identification provides high dynamic performance with respect to the rotor resistance variation and load torque disturbance.
Energy consumption is one of the most important metrics in wireless sensor networks because of the limited power supply in sensor nodes. Many efforts have been taken to reduce the energy consumption of the hardware, software, communication protocols and applications. Simulation is widely used to evaluate the performance of these new designs. Thus, it is necessary to accurately model the energy consumption during the simulation of WSN. In this paper, an energy model for WSN is proposed. It has been implemented in IDEA1, a simulator for WSN developed by SystemC and C++. It enables the energy estimation of both the hardware components of an individual node and the whole sensor network. It can be easily calibrated to different types of node if the electrical characteristics of the hardware components are available. An application based on IEEE 802.15.4 and MICAz motes is studied to demonstrate the capability of the energy model.
The main task of the educational technology courses is to explore educational knowledge description, automating instructional design, educational communication, intelligent assessment technology and educational system simulation technology etc. So how to express the knowledge involved in the teaching process becomes the premise for the study of the issues mentioned above. However, problems do exist with the traditional knowledge expression methods in the whole process of expressing, transmission and sharing of knowledge. First, it is hard to avoid ambiguity in understanding the transmitted and shared knowledge; second, in the context of mass atomicity knowledge, there exists the probability of combinatorial explosion in expressing and inducting the knowledge. To realize scientific expression of the teaching knowledge, this article takes ontology tool as the teaching knowledge describing technique in a bid to enhance the capability of expressing and sharing the teaching knowledge. At the same time, a teaching knowledge ontology building method with an increment feedback function is put forward for the controllability and guidance of the building process.
In this paper, a trellis-based prediction algorithm was applied for the power control of WCDMA system for the first time. The principle of the algorithm was described. The power control events were modeled by a sequence of 0s and 1s by devising a trellis-based prediction method that adjusted the transmitting power strength based on the similarity of the power control states. The system capacity is increased and the simulation time is saved by using the algorithm. Numerical results indicate that the performance of the trellis-based prediction algorithm exceed that of conventional ones.
A modeling method for radar signal receiver channel is proposed under the situation that part of the mechanism is unknown. Firstly, the traditional identification methods including Levy least square, pulse response and frequency-domain multiply are analyzed. The experiments show that those methods are hard to get the accurate model of high order radar signal receiver channel. Then, a method of time-domain convolution numerical model using frequency response data is proposed. The simulation and experiment shows that the method is implemented easily and applied widely. It improves the efficiency and precision of system simulation and can be applied to other high order system.
To identify and eliminate the product's early failures with the lowest cost and the best effect, this paper proposes a HASS profile research method based on computer simulation technology. Firstly, the flow and implement steps are introduced, then take the solder joint as an example, to show the application of the computer simulation method in a specific way, finally, summarizes the application prospect of the method. Through the method above, the manufacturer' cost would be saved as well as their competitiveness would be improved.
Multiple Input Multiple Output - Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (MIMO-OFDM) systems would be able to reach high data rates in the 3rd Generation Partnership Project, Long Term Evolution (3GPP-LTE) standards. Multiple Input Multiple Output-Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access (OFDMA) scheme is used in the LTE downlink for it's high spectral efficiency and some other superiorities. In this work, a low complex Minimum Mean Squared Error (MMSE) channel estimator for the LTE downlink MIMO-OFDMA structure is proposed. The recommended structure realizes the MMSE estimation of the Karhunen-Loe虂ve (KL) series expansion coefficients of the spatially correlated channel parameters. The performance of the estimator is examined with the aim of the LTE Downlink 2脳2 MIMO-OFDMA system simulation results.
Distribution Network Operators (DNOs) in Britain are incentivised to reduce network losses. However, the scope for DNOs to respond positively to this is limited by the nature of legacy assets, their configuration, interactions with other incentives and the cost-effectiveness of possible actions. This paper considers one example from an urban network. The difficulty of building a realistic and complete model of an area that has assets of varying ages and characteristics is discussed as is the effect of unevenly distributed growth of demand around a network. Finally, the possible effects of some measures for reduction of losses are presented.
The following topics are dealt with: transient analysis; EMTP modelling; power system operation; power system control; power system simulation; power system analysis; distributed generation; renewable energy systems; HVDC; smart grids; power quality; high voltage engineering; dielectrics; earthing; safety; electromagnetic effects; electrostatic effects; electrical machines; drives; power conversion; electric transportation; power system condition monitoring; power system diagnostics; power system measurements; building electrical systems; and power engineering education.
Malaysia is moving towards using its own natural resources for its energy generation. Islands in Malaysia can definitely gain significantly from wind turbine installations especially when they are jointly equipped with solar panels, since the country is very rich in terms of solar energy. These turbines may not be connected to the main grid because the fluctuating and unpredictable output of a wind turbine can cause grid problems. In the day, when there is less wind, the solar panels will cover the extra load. At night, the wind turbines will be generating more power. If the solar panels and wind turbines do not create enough power, the diesel generator will automatically run to compensate for the deficiency. Since the back-up generators are fuelled by diesel and turn on only when needed, this can actually save a lot on fuel cost. Such a situation can be modelled and simulated using a Stepwise Power Flow method created in the MatPower package and executed with MATLAB.
This paper presents an integrated platform for studying the digital transmission method named pulse code modulation. The platform consists in an experimental board and a software model that allows the measurements of significant parameters of a codec based on this communication method together with the animated visualization of the circuits operation and typical waveforms. The modeling and simulations were realized in Proteus software environment. The proposed platform represents a very useful tool in didactical process of teaching pulse code modulation principles in communication laboratories.
Observing System Simulation Experiments (OSSEs) are an important tool for evaluating the potential impact of proposed new observing systems, as well as for evaluating trade-offs in observing system design, and in developing and assessing improved methodology for assimilating new observations. Extensive OSSEs have been conducted at NASA/GSFC and NOAA/AOML in collaboration with Simpson Weather Associates and operational data assimilation centers over the last 25 years. These OSSEs determined correctly the quantitative potential for several proposed satellite observing systems to improve weather prediction prior to their launch, and evaluated trade-offs in orbits, coverage, and accuracy for space-based wind lidars. In this paper, we summarize OSSE methodology and present results from OSSEs to assess the potential impact of lidar winds.
Intelligentized distributed system is advanced mode of network operation in agile manufacturing system. In intelligent agile manufacturing, Architecture of knowledge base directly influences intelligent level of manufacture. Application knowledge and reorganization are two sides of implement intelligent application. When application knowledge don't meet needs of application, starting reorganization knowledge base architecture will get new application knowledge. This is second level knowledge base(shallow knowledge and depth knowledge) architecture. Research of knowledge base in agile manufacturing will provide implemented knowledge architecture for intelligent agile manufacturing system and enable whole system high knowledge.
Network emulation environment is great importance to the research of network protocols, applications and security mechanism. Large-scale network topology generation is one of key technologies to construct network emulation environment. In this paper, a new large-scale network topology generation framework called LSNTGF is proposed, which divides the network topology into three hierarchies: AS, router and terminal node. It contains the assignment mechanism to bandwidth of each link and IP address of each node. The framework is evaluate by implementation, and the result illustrate it is efficient to network emulation environment for network protocols and security research.
Power system simulations, most of the time, require solution of a large sparse linear system. Traditional methods, such as LU decomposition based direct methods, are not suitable for parallelization in general. Thus, Krylov subspace based iterative methods (i.e. Conjugate Gradient, Generalized Minimal Residuals (GMRES)) can be used as very good alternatives compared to direct methods. On the other hand, Krylov based iterative solvers need a preconditioner to accelerate the convergence process. In this work we suggest a new preconditioner for GMRES, which can be used in Newton iteration of power flow analysis. The new preconditioner employs the basic spectral divide and conquer methods and invariant subspaces for clustering the eigenvalues of the Jacobean matrix appears in Newton-Raphson steps of power flow simulation.
This paper presents an investigation into the stability enhancement of LFC problem in one area power system using a power system stabilizer. A complete system model for low-frequency oscillation studies should be composed of mechanical and electrical loops. So a new combined model, that is included of LFC and AVR loops to consider the mutual effects between them, is used. The simulation results show that adding a coordinative PSS to this model can improve the dynamic stability of the power system and effectively suppress the low-frequency oscillation.
An original view is proposed that, under specific running state, power system self-organized criticality is related to power grid's uniform degree. The uniform degree of power grid was characterized by network topology entropy, and then a model to simulate power system self-organized criticality is proposed. Simulations in an IEEE39-bus system with the proposed model show that, under the uniform loading and flow distribution, the higher grid's uniform degree, the lower probability of power cascading failure will be. Furthermore, balancing power grid's uniform degree can effectively prevent large-scale disastrous blackouts and reduce the risk of entering power self-organized criticality state.
The following topics are dealt with: solar energy power generation; power system control; advanced distribution system operation; large scale renewable energy power generation; VSC-HVDC; distributed generation; SCADA; energy management system; energy storage; FACTS; microgrid; power market; load forecast; power system planning; power quality; black-out prevention; smart grid; system simulation; substation; transmission line; wide area protection; and wind energy use.
Growth of electrical energy consumptions and increasing non-linear loads in power systems force the electrical power utilities to provide a high quality electrical power. This is the reason that this issue is getting more and more importance in power systems. This paper examines all power quality parameters based on the standard. In order to enhance the power quality, these parameters must be improved; to do so a compound compensator UPFC is designed and its performance is simulated for electrical power transmission lines. To verify the results of application of the above-mentioned method, they are compared with the corresponding results obtained by PSCAD/EMTDC software.
The subject of load modeling for bulk power system dynamic simulations has been received increasing attention in the past decades. The characteristics and models of the common load components are foundations to construct the accurate composite load models for power system dynamic stability studies. The power system common used load components, the load classes and the main load components in power system are introduced firstly. Then, the common used static load components, such as incandescent, fluorescent, sodium lamp, LCD, desktop pc, notebook, electromagnetic oven, microwave oven, electronic oven and auto rice cooker, are modeled based on dynamic simulation experiments. In order to ensure these models to be precise to simulate the actual dynamic responses of load components, large disturbance tests are adopted to validate these models. Comparisons of the proposed models and the typical models cited from influential references for common load components are done to justify the necessary of this work.
Game based training has gained a lively interest within the industry. We present a interdisciplinary work on the application of computer game principles and techniques within an automation industry training scenario. A data flow based component architecture forms the technical foundation of our system and enables us to exploit the capabilities of available middleware components like game- or physics engines. An interactive simulation of a real automation plant is built by the combination of state-based and physical object behavior. A model of training scenarios founded on the didactical principles of game based training is built upon our implemented system.
This paper applies the up-to-date intelligent simulation ant colony algorithm to dynamic container truck scheduling. It proposes to take in real-time traffic information through GPRS and to solve the problem on container truck scheduling with consideration of the optimal capability of ant colony in the searching process of food resources. Meanwhile, it puts genetic algorithm into ant colony algorithm to improve the efficiency. Furthermore, computer simulation technique is to be used to combine scheduling model with the process, and then the dynamic container truck scheduling model is established.
Industrial network, often referred to as fieldbus, becomes an indispensable component for intelligent manufacturing systems. Thus, in order to satisfy the real-time requirements of field devices such as sensros, actuators, and controllers, numerous fieldbus protocols have been developed. But, the application of fieldbus has been limited due to the high cost of hardware and the difficulty in interfacing with multi-vendor products. As an alternative to fieldbus, the Ethernet (IEEE 802.3) technology is being adapted to the industrial environment. However, the crucial technical obstacle of Ethernet is its non-deterministic behavior that cannot satisfy the real-time requirements. Recently, the EtherCAT protocol becomes a very promising alternative for real-time industrial application due to the elimination of uncertainties in Ethernet. This paper focuses on the development of the real-time EtherCAT network for multi-axis smart driver. In addition, this paper presents performance evaluation of the synchronization on the experimental EtherCAT testbed with 3-axis smart driver.
Recently, as the amount of trade among nations has increased, a greater amount of the transport by ship is required and container ships have been enlarged to satisfy this requirement. However, there are some nations or harbors that have the problem of lack of sufficient area for the anchoring of large ships. To solve this problem, the Mobile Harbor (MH) has been proposed conceptually at KAIST. Since the MH should work on the sea, there are more problems than those of a common fixed harbor. One of the main problems is the swing of the payload, such as container boxes, as a result of the continuous sea-induced moving of the floating base. In this paper, we focus on reducing the swing of the crane due to external disturbances that are caused by the continuously moving base. We use an accelerometer to measure the swing angle of the crane and an observer is designed to estimate both the angle and the angular velocity of the swing. A sliding mode controller is also designed to stabilize the swing robustly with continuous bounded disturbance; the system simulation and experimental results are discussed.
In this paper, we analyze the interference distribution and gain of beamforming in closed access femtocells in downlink of a two-tier HSDPA cellular network. We show through simulations that indoor femtocell deployment leads to a dominant interferer scenario. According to results even simple null steering method based on the scarce codebook of HSDPA transmit diversity mode 1 can be beneficially applied. Performance evaluations are carried out through HSDPA compliant system simulations.
Inter-cell interference coordination (ICIC) is one of the key technologies in the multi-cell radio resource management of mobile systems. It plays a vital role in mitigating strong inter cell interference and guaranteeing proper quality of services for in-progress sessions. Because heterogeneous deployment is adopted in LTE-Advanced, and interference problem becomes serious. In this paper, we propose an ICIC method based on region in OFDM downlink cellular systems. Through dividing the border of cells into several segments, and marking by identities, when serious inter-cell interference occurs, the serving cell transfer the region information with the coordination information. The neighbor cell can judge whether it has exerted interference on the serving cell and perform ICIC action if it is yes. It can drastically improve the adjustment accuracy of ICIC. By simulating our method in the system simulation platform of LTE-Advanced, we can see the new method has better performance than original one in improving users' throughput.
A feasibility study has been established to integrate agent and auto-ID technologies in manufacturing control applications. A multi-agent system (MAS) framework for intelligent manufacturing has been established. The intelligent MAS environment attempts to exploit the potential of Auto-ID (RFID in particular) technology in manufacturing applications. The aim is to evaluate the applications of Auto-ID, especially with RFID technology, in manufacturing control. This involves the establishment of the hardware and software interfaces to enable production and process data to be recorded and written in the Auto-ID devices. Experiments are being conducted to study the working requirements and parameters of the Auto-ID devices in the shopfloor environments. Subsequently, the RFID technology is adopted in a flexible assembly cell (FAC) to evaluate the feasibility of integrating the RFID devices in a multi-agent based manufacturing control system. A MAS infrastructure for FAC control has been developed to incorporate the coordination of the RFID devices.
The participants of this workshop will be exposed to the utility of the Java-DSP education software in multidisciplinary signal and data analysis applications. The session will be interactive and participants will use and assess an exercise that involves step-by-step online simulations using Java-DSP. Examples of prepackaged online laboratory exercises generated in 2010 that can be disseminated in certain types of data related courses will also be presented. A newly developed interactive learning environment, involving online quiz synchronized with multiple JavaDSP simulations, will be of special interest to the participants. Apart from basic modules that will be useful for DSP courses, new modules in music and audio signal processing, wireless communications, and power systems will also be demonstrated. The workshop will be useful to instructors and practitioners with interests in signals and systems, DSP, data analysis for earth systems and geology, signal analysis for music courses and other applications.
Firstly, this article introduce foreign theoretical research of risk management in the subway tunnel project from four aspects that evaluation theory, management model, accident statistics, risk analysis. Secondly, the paper analyze foreign practice research of risk management in the subway tunnel project from four aspects that computer simulation, information platform, standards, government regulations. Thirdly, the paper expatiate Chinese theoretical research of risk management in the subway tunnel project from four aspects that dynamic management, integrate management, fault-tree analysis and digitized control. And next, the paper introduce Chinese practice research of risk management from four aspects that software development, system simulation, standards, monitoring system. At last, put forward the development direction of research of risk management that combination of qualitative and quantitative and adding information technology, according to the current situation of the development of risk management.
The first 卤800kV UHVDC transmission system is connected with the East China power grid around 2010 and its maximum transfer capacity will reach to 6.4GW. It brings new challenges and impacts on the network structure, operation security and reliability and system stability. In the paper, East China power gird configuration and load level for 2012 is adopted as base case for study. The power system simulation tools, such as PSS/E, BPA, etc, are used to study the system security and reliability under conditions of typical UHVDC operation modes. Technical issues associated with impacts of the 卤800kV UHVDC connection on voltage stability, power transfer capability (ATC), system reliability are particularly studied. Some useful conclusions and suggestions for transmission system planning, operation security and stability considering the UHVDC connection are drawn in the end.
Some methods of detecting harmonic current in the power system were analyzed in this paper, the models were built and simulated with Matlab simpowersystem module, result indicates ip-iq method can detect harmonic currents in the balanced power system and as long as doing an improvement slightly, can use single phase ip-iq to check the harmonic electric current in the single phase system, or to apply to unbalanced system right away.
Based on 130t/h circulating fluidized bed boiler (CFBB)unit simulation, in virtue of computer simulation technology, using configuration method simulates the CFBB operation of personnel training, in order to avoid and reduce the operating personnel happening accident, enhance the operators in the process of accident emergency handling ability.Established the PID loop adjustment combustion system and control system, analyzes the characteristic and the load automatic control design specification.Under the environment of the configuration AdvanTrol-Pro application software, DCS system design's exchange CFBB information. Introduces embedded the Visual C + + language into optimization monitoring module, such as structural function definition List of public heredity makes the program standard, unified, the height of variables, improve program readability. Make full use of the CFBB interface configuration provided all real variables digital simulation environment for training personnel, this paper studies the method and conclusions for advancing boiler intelligent process theoretical guidance and improving training by computer aided design of boiler automatic control system construction technology.
This paper describes two alternative designs of a direct-drive permanent-magnet generator for use in a novel sea-wave electrical generator. The basic system is briefly described and the target specification is given from the wave device. The design for a fractional-slot high-pole number brushless permanent-magnet generator and a torus generator are sized and developed using the design packages SPEED PC-BDC and PC-FEA. The designs are compared. A diode bridge model is also tested using Portunus system simulation. A design for a switched reluctance machine is also briefly investigated.
The simulation of electromechanical systems like motor drives often requires sub-microsecond calculation timesteps considering the fast dynamic of such systems and the high-switching frequency involved. Migrating computational load to an FPGA processor has proven to effectively meet the real-time simulation needs of such systems. However, many challenges still must be overcome before broad adoption of FPGA technology for real-time simulation applications occurs. In this paper, a general framework is presented for effective use of FPGA machine drive modeling when the state-space approach is used. Computations are performed in floating-point using commercially available arithmetic cores. Using the discussed framework guarantees that time steps well below 1 渭s can be achieved. Two real-world applications examples are given in the paper: an FPGA-based implementation of a BLDC motor, and an FPGA-based implementation of an induction motor.
This paper presents a system simulation technique that combines the capabilities of two defacto standard tools. The SPICE tool that accounts for electronic device characteristics is seamlessly incorporated with SIMULINK, which is a more general purpose dynamic system simulation environment. The result is a simulation technique that has the general flexibility of SIMULINK while accounting for electronic device level characteristics. The proposed technique also gives greater flexibility to the SPICE tool by simplifying the description of nonlinear circuit effects. The technique is demonstrated on a magnetic levitation system. The simultation results are in closer agreement to experimental data than the original SIMULINK model used on the project.
This work covers the latest application oriented aspects of flexible and reconfigurable intelligent manufacturing control. In recent years, manufacturing enterprises and industrial plants must be aware of the changing custom environment and be capable to adapt and understand to customers needs. Latest technologies and research in intelligent manufacturing systems emphasize the interaction, collaboration and knowledge processing, and many applications based on multi-agent systems technologies are dealing with knowledge acquisition, manipulation and reuse. This paper shows how procedural and declarative knowledge can be utilized and processed in agent-based manufacturing control systems to enable better flexibility and adaptability to customer changes. The explicit description of domain of interest, e.g. production planning, will provide a more efficient way for agents to represent and exchange the knowledge, to do automated pattern matching and reasoning, etc. We are focusing on semantic enrichment of agents and their planning capabilities within selected packing production line scenario.
Due to increasing integration densities and the emergence of nanotechnology, especially reliability and power related design aspects become critical for chip design. Since the arising problems are enforced by high circuit temperatures, the need for a possibility to model thermal behavior of a system in an accurate and physically correct way becomes inevitable. Hence, in this paper VulcaNoCs, a SystemC-based simulation environment for systems based on NoCs, is introduced. VulcaNoCs is designed to enable simultaneous execution of both high-level system simulation and dynamic modeling of temperature distributions in NoC-based systems. To emulate a system's thermal properties equivalent RC-circuits are used, exploiting the dualism between heat flow and electrical phenomena. To verify the temperature model, VulcaNoCs is compared to a more commonly used SPICE-based approach, exhibiting significant increases in simulation performance of up to 98,5%for modeling a 2脳2 NoC, for example.
We combine our previously designed 32-state super-orthogonal space-time trellis code (SOSTTC) with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) to build a broadband mobile communication system having a spectral efficiency that amounts to 4 bits/s/Hz depending on the length of the cyclic prefix used to avoid interframe interference. The transmitter is equipped with two antennas, where the OFDM frames they transmit are not independent, as they carry the same information in an orthogonal form. The 2N OFDM tones are grouped in N pairs of tones. Each group of two tones transmits the entries of a 2脳2 orthogonal matrix. In our case, the entries are symbols taken from the rectangular 16-point quadrature-amplitude modulation (QAM) signal constellation. At the receiver end, each OFDM aggregate frame transmitted by both transmit antennas is independently decoded using the Viterbi algorithm. We perform system simulations using a frequency-selective multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) fading channel model. We also study the effect of the antenna spacing at the base station (BS) and the mobile station (MS). We have determined the antenna spacing ranges that are very helpful for designing antenna arrays.
A non-grid-connected wind power system is a complex system that includes several subsystems such as a wind turbine subsystem, non-grid-connected electric generator subsystems, a non-grid-connected wind power control subsystem, gas-solid coupling vibration subsystems, and high-energy-consuming special load subsystems. It is a multi-objective, multi-factor, higher-order non-linear dynamics of large-scale system. The non-grid-connected wind power system simulation is an experimental method based on the operation model of non-grid wind power system. This paper analyzes the importance and processes of the non-grid-connected wind power system simulation, then presents the process of a software development model and then designs the software process according to the model. Simulation technology is widely used in wind power generation equipment design, testing, operation analysis and other aspects. It will help accelerate the development of wind power technology in our country and is a shortcut to narrow the technology gap with developed countries.
This paper presents the application of M2M communication technology for automated intelligent manufacturing system. M2M technology allows exchanging and gathering information between sensors and controllers during collaborative machining process and motion control.
This paper proposes a stochastic end-to-end response time analysis of pipelined manufacturing systems based on machine-to-machine communication, where every control message initiating from the first stage is relayed to the next stages along the pipeline. Through the proposed analysis, we can compute the end-to-end response time distribution of each control message, thus provide predictable performance in terms of end-to-end manufacturing times.
Smart labels enable novel item-centric ways of communication along a product's lifecycle. With respect to the open nature of a scenario ranging from manufacturer to consumer, the expectations to such "smart items" are diverse. In this article, we discuss the perspective of potential users and system architects on selected aspects of so-called digital product memories. Our report aligns information we acquired from 332 visitors of a complex prototype system presented at a public IT fair, an internal questionnaire where 14 members of the project SemProM reported about their vision of this concept from an application and technology point of view, and the ongoing implementation works within that project. Our observations address to a large extent research issues related to smart items in general and thus do not only provide an insight to the research development process in this particular project, but also can be exploited for design decisions in other projects in this field.
In light of the characteristics of circuit experiment teaching and the problems in the experiment. The electron design automation software Multisim is used to develop a virtual simulation platform to bridge the gap between textbook theory and the real circuits. The application of Multisim in electronics experiment teaching have been discussed with examples. The results indicates that the new methodology is good for experiment teaching. It also gives a good platform to the students for comprehensive and innovative experiment.
According to supply chain system with complex adaptive feature, a supply chain management system simulation model based on multi-agent is constructed. The collaborative relationships between the entities and the workflow of each agent in entity are analyzed; multi-agent dynamic federal organizational structure is proposed based on the federal structure of organizational structure in multi-agent, it is the basis to improve the efficiency of collaboration among agents.
To solve the gap between the theoretical teaching and practical training, some research on the structure of the bomber air turret, a lot of mission can be carried out such as device configuration, target selection, environment selection and so on. Flying sence simulation and the target simulation and shooting simulation are achieved. Also monitoring system stability and accuracy is enhanced. And a comprehensive training system of semi-sence bomber aviation turret can be realized. In this paper, simulation system function, hardware configuration, software component, system modeling methods, system design and key technologies of system simulation will be found. The system can effectively help students familiar with the turret structure and usage, improve their operating skills.
The simulation algorithm based on the field of power electronics and motor control areas of application package software simulation (PSIM) for array of photovoltaic cells in a certain light maximum power point tracking (MPPT) had been built, different simulation step by analysis of the impact of MPPT. Simulation results show that: the model parameters of an array of photovoltaic cells correspond exactly with the actual parameters, therefore, the simulation can accurately reflect the actual physical characteristics, and it with high accuracy. To some extent, the simulation model for PV based on the PSIM completed the engineering simulation on demand; and the simulation model of the PV array MPPT algorithm also be proved effective.
Most power semiconductors are subject to substantial self-heating, especially in case of failure conditions such as a shorted load. Therefore, temperature sensors are usually integrated to allow safe turn-off, thus avoiding device destruction, and advanced concepts with multiple sensors, some far away from the heat source, are receiving increased attention. To investigate and optimize the behavior of such designs, system simulations are required that accurately take the thermal coupling between the power device and the temperature sensors into account. For this purpose we present a method for the derivation of nonlinear thermal networks that correctly model the thermal behavior and coupling of on-chip devices. They can easily be included in standard circuit and system simulators and are comparatively simple so that simulation time is not increased significantly. Nevertheless, these networks take all relevant thermal resistances and capacitances of the chip, package, and mounting into account. Moreover, they are accurate even for large temperature swings since they consider the temperature-dependent behavior of silicon. Our approach will be demonstrated for a typical smart power IC and validated by comparison to measurement results.
The computer simulation is an important means for the development and integration of the complex system. Thus it plays the very role that cannot be replaced in the system whole-life management. To satisfy the urgent needs of the large-scale military complex system simulation, the Modeling and Simulation Master Plan was put forward by Defense Modeling and Simulation Office. Nowadays, this Framework has become the basic basis to guide the simulation construction. And it has got extensive application in the operational simulation field. However, the existing 4-element abstract method in the Conceptual Models of the Mission Space cannot describe the complex system thoroughly, which will take great difficult to system modeling correctly. Therefore the 6-element abstract modeling method has been brought forward. Meanwhile, in the paper, the system 6 elements are mapped into the corresponding concept models: mission space, entity, entity relationship, entity state, entity activity and entity interaction. And for each mapping, the Paradigm is defined. In the end, this method is applied to the maintenance support simulation. Take a maintenance support instance system as an example, the 6 elements for the system are analyzed. And as a result, the corresponding models are built.
In order to obtain overall optimal solution to folding mechanism, multidisciplinary design optimization technology was applied. According to design requirements of the folding mechanism, working performance, weight and reliability were taken as three important disciplines. The relevant mathematical models were established by using experiment technology, computer simulation technology and response surface method. Share variables, coupling variables and local variables were determined and the corresponding multidisciplinary collaborative design optimization model was set up. The final optimization results prove the feasibility of the proposed method.
Power system simulation and plan are considered as essential tools for design, operation and control of power systems. The existing software for power system simulating and planning is essentially desktop application, which limits its application power. Due to the worldwide expansion of interest in Internet in the past few years, an Internet-based application development has appeared in some technical fields. A great progress on the Internet technique makes it easy to implement the Web-based system. In this paper a process is described for implementing the Internet-based simulation and plan platform of power systems. The platform supports some necessary calculation or analysis methods of the power system simulation and plan, such as load flow calculation, short circuit calculation, harmonic analysis, load forecasting, plan optimization of electric networks, and economic analysis. The cookies in the client-side and the session state objects in server-side are used for data exchanging between Web pages. Both XML documents and databases are supported for interchanging input data and results between Web servers and clients. The structure of XML and the way to construct the Web services are discussed. The development environment of the platform is analyzed.
Double valves system simulation model is established in AMESim environment, By comparing with experiment, The simulation model can accurately predict injection characteristics of the double valves system. The influence of the parameters such as piston diameter, cam velocity, piston matching clearance, SV valve lift, NCV valve lift, needle valve lift and injector diameter on the main fuel injection quantity fluctuation is analyzed in details with the simulation model in the whole working conditions The change rule of the main injection quantity fluctuation with speed and injection pulse is obtained under different parameters, The results show that piston diameter, cam velocity and injector diameter are the key characteristic parameters on the main fuel injection quantity fluctuation.
To solve the problem about the stability of the internal dynamics in the feedback linearization control of 80MN titanium-alloy forging hydraulic press, according to the characteristics of the structure of the system, a supervision controller is designed with fuzzy control method. By the mixed control with feedback linearization and fuzzy supervision, the tracking accuracy of the output of the system is not only ensured, but also the internal dynamics of the system are ensured to be controlled within a limited range in the tracking process of the output. The result of the system simulation shows the method is very valid.
The primary goal of this research is dynamics modeling and analysis of spatial parallel manipulator with flexible links. A new model of spatial finite element beam model is proposed. The kinematic constraint conditions of the moving platform and the branches of the spatial flexible parallel manipulator are derived. The dynamic model of the moving platform is developed based on the Newton-Euler principle. Then, using the kinematic constraint equations and dynamic model of the moving platform, the overall system dynamic equations of the parallel manipulator are obtained through assembling the dynamic equations of elements. Finally, the numerical simulation of a 3-RRS parallel manipulator was presented and compared with the results of SAMCEF software simulation. The results showed that the effectiveness and correctness of the dynamic models proposed in this paper.
The thesis introduces liquid level maintain device of explosion-suppression water bag. It realizes intellectual water replenishing and automatic water-break.of explosion-suppression water bag. It also solves the problems of artificial recharging. The thesis uses MATLAB/Simmechanics tool box to do dynamic simulation. Structure the system model based on simplified sketch of mechanism. Run the simulation model to get final data and import to MATLAB and Simulink for subsequent treatment. It proves that the device can meet the liquid level maintain function that the water inlet opens in the condition of the liquid level being below normal value and the water inlet closes in the condition of being normal value. Using simmechanics to do system simulation provides a solution method for following design, which also cuts greatly the design cycle.
Aimed at the conflict between the synchronization error and the distribution of the force on the slide in the four-corner leveling control, according to the characteristics of the structure of 80MN titanium-alloy forging hydraulic press, a compensation controller is designed with fuzzy control method based on the feedback linearization decoupling control. Nonlinear flow distribution of all hydraulic cylinders is adjusted to improve the synchronization accuracy of the system further. The result of the system simulation shows the method is very valid.
This paper presents an intelligent manufacturing feature extraction method and the reasoning method of manufacturing behavior sequence. This method mainly used pre-trained BP neural network to identify the B-rep model representation of the product After that, manufacturing behavior sequence constraint model was built, and the initial sequence was acquired through knowledge-based process templates and knowledge-based process templates. After evaluation of mathematical models and analysis of software Deform, the rational optimum manufacturing behavior sequence was acquired Through a lot testing, the validity of the system was verified
In this paper, related to system simulation theory, based on Flexsim simulation software, dynamic simulation models of packaging workshop in a meat food distribution center are built. The running condition of packaging workshop is realized through analyzing the simulation result. Evaluated the utilization of testing, packaging and other equipment to assess the system performance, then identified bottlenecks and make suggestions for improvement to help decision-makers to raise the level of planning and management.
The simulation of Radio Frequency circuits can be very CPU expensive due to the large number of equations present as well as the density of the Jacobian matrix. This problem becomes even more pronounced when simulating a system containing multiple circuits. In this paper a model order reduction method is proposed for obtaining a reduced order nonlinear macromodel for an RF circuit block. This macromodel can then be efficiently used in an overall system simulation.
Tekkotsu has grown from a specialized framework for development on the Sony Aibo to a general purpose robotics development environment with support for a variety of hardware, algorithms for autonomous operation, virtual simulation, and associated curriculum for undergraduate education. This paper describes the implementation of these features, provides examples of their use in research and education, and draws a comparison with other popular open-source robotics frameworks.
The nanophotonic network promises improved communications between cores in many-core systems. This paper discusses a novel modeling and simulation methodology. This infrastructure can compare performance, power consumption and reliability of nanophotonic network designs. Phenomenologically determined transfer-matrix device models are employed to characterize network performance under realistic multi-threaded applications, optical power transmission across the full wavelength-division multiplexing spectrum, and network reliability as affected by fabrication-induced process variation and run-time system thermal effects. Five recently proposed networks are analyzed to better elucidate advantages and limitations.
We present MARSS, an open source, fast, full system simulation tool built on QEMU to support cycle-accurate simulation of superscalar homogeneous and heterogeneous multicore x86 processors. MARSS includes detailed models of coherent caches, interconnections, chipsets, memory and IO devices. MARSS simulates the execution of all software components in the system, including unmodified binaries of applications, OS and libraries.
This paper studies Multi-Resolution Modeling (MRM) method of Train Control System based on multi resolution modeling (MRM) and analyses in detail about aggregation-disaggregation theory as well as consistency of MRM. Due to the characteristics of Train Control System as being multi-node and distributed, subsystems of Train Control System using different resolution modeling methods concerning hierarchy and a HLA-based multi-train simulation platform for the Train Control System is built taking RTI time management strategy to realize multi-resolution simulation of the Train Control System. The results show that this simulation strategy could describe its features of distribution and hierarchy correctly and meet the requirements of multi-level and complex system simulation in Train Control System.
The high computational burden in complex system simulation, particularly for a polymer system, prohibits long term simulation that provides information to predict the system attributes. We propose a coarse graining simulation method, stemming from our earlier work on state reduction through a modified local feature analysis (LFA), so that, based on short term system dynamics, one can automatically identify a low number of 鈥渟eeds鈥?based on correlations in the dynamic motion of all states. The trajectories of the 鈥渟eeds鈥?are then extrapolated. A simple matrix transformation is proposed to calculate trajectories of the whole system from the extrapolated 鈥渟eed鈥?trajectories. As the recovered system dynamics are derived from the low dimensional seed trajectories, we call it coarse grained dynamics. Simulation is carried out to illustrate the application of the developed algorithm to the PVC polymer dynamics.
The paper is dedicated to haptic rendering of complex physics-based environment in the context of surgical simulation. A new unified formalism for modeling the mechanical interactions between medical devices and anatomical structures and for computing accurately the haptic force feedback is presented. The approach deals with the mechanical interactions using appropriate force and/or motion transmission models named compliant mechanisms. These mechanisms are formulated as a constraint-based problem that is solved in two separate threads running at different frequencies. The first thread processes the whole simulation including the soft-tissue deformations, whereas the second one only deals with computer haptics. This method builds a bridge between the so-called virtual mechanisms (that were proposed for haptic rendering of rigid bodies) and intermediate representations (used for rendering of complex simulations). With this approach, it is possible to describe the specific behavior of various medical devices while relying on a unified method for solving the mechanical interactions between deformable objects and haptic rendering. The technique is demonstrated in interactive simulation of flexible needle insertion through soft anatomical structures with force feedback.
The following topics are dealt with: intelligent manufacturing system; robot kinematics; medical robotics; mobile robots; walking robots; nanorobotics; biomedical mechatronics; biomedical control system; intelligent control; robot control; robot vision; image processing; human assistive technology; actuator system; robot navigation; SLAM; signal processing; humanoid robot; biped robot; vibration control; telerobotics; predictive control; learning control; industrial control; fault diagnosis; and PID control.
This paper presents a practical and general coder and decoder of network coding (NC) with HDL (Hardware Description Language) logic for wire-speed nodes in multisource multicast networks. The NC coders apply random linear network coding (RLNC) and the decoders recover the original packets by Cramer's rule. All these mathematical operations are carried out in the Galois Field (256). The structures and algorithms of NC coder and decoder were designed in detail and implemented in HDL with NetFPGA boards provided by Stanford University. Comparing with traditional stored-and-forward mechanism, network emulations showed that networks with wire-speed NC coder and decoder nodes could achieve the capacity bound of max-flow min-cut theorem in case of bottlenecks, and the end-to-end delay was guaranteed on a small constant.
In order to improve the efficiency of the identity authentication of the distance education system, the existing authentication technology of the system is perfected. In this paper, the voiceprint recognition method based on HMM/ANN hybrid model is presented, and the novel identity authentication interfaces are developed by VC. During the analysis of the voiceprint recognition technology, the operation principle and the design process of the distance education system are described in detail. Through system simulation and a mass of the experiments, the identity authentication technology of the distance education system based on the voiceprint recognition has higher identity recognition rate with feasibility.
This paper addresses the asymptotic stabilization problem of an unmanned surface vessel. The unmanned vessel under consideration is propelled by a water-jet and not actuated in the sway direction. A backstepping control law is proposed to make the origin of the unmanned vessel asymptotically stable. The construction of the controller is facilitated by the introduction of several nonlinear coordinate changes. A virtual simulation system is designed by using Vega Prime. The effectiveness of the proposed control law is verified by simulation.
This paper adopts the method of Fluent software simulation and simulates research the thermal performance of a solar air collector's with porous and fold lined. Changes in the structure of the collector plates whether the openings, folded plate and the plate hole collector aspects to impact performance are discussed. In order to have comparable, to simulate in the intensity of solar radiation, wind speed and imported air supply means, collector plates and glass cover settings such as radiation carried out under identical conditions. By simulating the temperature distribution, flow distribution of the collector and the internal air, it can be obtain the conclusions: in the collector plates to keep the same shape, hole board than non-hole plate uneven temperature distribution significantly, and local overheating, non-hole lead was the heat collector plate collector thermal efficiency with the collector plate lower than the hole; the hole in the collector plate to keep the same rate, opening flat and folded plate openings due to air within the collector differences in flow pattern on the plate led to overheating, increasing the external environment, heat loss, solar collector performance decreases.
Virtual Campus is an important part of the construction of digital campus. The paper discussed the main steps and processes of domestic virtual simulation platform vr-platform in virtual campus construction, and some special problems to be noticed in the production and management. Through the construction of virtual campus, all kinds of digital campus resources will be integrated into a virtual digital space, which merges the school's teaching, laboratory, management, services and other activities in one. The target is to service the teaching, research and management planning.
A steady-state theory of the doubly-fed induction machine is presented, according to the rotor flux reference frame. The choice of such a reference frame is particularly suitable when a rotor current control is adopted. Active and reactive power flows at the stator and rotor terminals are derived, showing their dependence on the rotor current components. Therefore, such a model is well suited for the system simulation as well as for machine design calculations.
In this paper, we propose a run-time strategy for managing writes onto last level cache in chip multiprocessors where STT-RAM memory is used as baseline technology. To this end, we assume that each cache set is decomposed into limited SRAM lines and large number of STT-RAM lines. SRAM lines are target of frequently-written data and rarely-written or read-only ones are pushed into STT-RAM. As a novel contribution, a low-overhead, fully-hardware technique is utilized to detect write-intensive data blocks of working set and place them into SRAM lines while the remaining data blocks are candidates to be remapped onto STT-RAM blocks during system operation. Therefore, the achieved cache architecture has large capacity and consumes near zero leakage energy using STT-RAM array; while dynamic write energy, acceptable write latency, and long lifetime is guaranteed via SRAM array. Results of full-system simulation for a quad-core CMP running PARSEC-2 benchmark suit confirm an average of 49 times improvement in cache lifetime and more than 50%reduction in cache power consumption when compared to baseline configurations.
This paper study the power system restoration procedure with external power supplies through HVDC transmission channel. The simplified models of the transmission system under different control modes are established and their stability margin are analyzed by root locus diagram. In consideration of the influence of the short circuit capacity and rotating inertia of power grid at sending end on the stability of HVDC control system, selection and coordinated strategies of HVDC control modes are given during different stages of system restoration. The procedure of power system restoration with HVDC supporting include two phases, phase I is DC line connecting to weak AC system in the receiving end and phase II is load picking up with HVDC power supporting. In phase I, the adaptability of general HVDC control modes are analyzed, and the appropriate control modes are given. In phase II, the control modes transfer strategies are given under large voltage declining during the receiving end AC system is weak. In both of the two phases, detailed stability analysis are carried out for checking the key controller parameters setting. For accelerating load restoration, the amount of load that can be restored once a time for different short circuit capacity of power grid at sending end and receiving end is analyzed. Last, the effectiveness of HVDC stability mechanism analysis is validated by the simulation of Ningdong-Shandong HVDC system using PSCAD/EMTDC.
In this paper, present situation and the features of wind power generation in China is introduced briefly, and the significance of determining wind power penetration percentage of wind farm is pointed out. According to the previous research, wind power penetration limit and short circuit capacity ratio are considered as the two main aspects, when wind power capacity limit is focused. The advantages and disadvantages of previous approaches are analyzed. The two indices are used to measure the wind farm capacity limit. In recent years, VSC-HVDC has been successfully applied, and gets more attention. The model and advantages of VSC-HVDC is introduced. Based on PSCAD software simulation, after modeling IEEE 11-bus test system, the wind farms firstly connect into the grids from a single node, then through two nodes respectively. Conclusively, that wind farm directly connected into the main power grid will help improve the capacity limit of wind power.
To construct the largest power simulation model with real time digital simulators (RTDS), assignment of the computing resource is an important issue to make the model feasible. For automatic computing resource assignments, the interesting idea of subgraph isomorphism is proposed. Computing units (racks) are connected with communication wires, whereas the power grid is connected with electrical lines. The two systems can be taken as two graphs with physical correspondence. To assign the computing resources is to find a relationship of subgraph isomorphism between two graphs. Genetic algorithm is applied to solve the problem. According to the definition of subgraph isomorphism, the object function is given as the number of ones in the expended incidence matrix defined here. By selection, crossover and mutation in the GA, the problem can be solved and the assignment can also be achieved directly. There are many feasible assignments received.
A design of microstrip patch antenna over perforated substrate is presented to proof the concept of performance enhancement using micromachining techniques. The presented perforated antennas are designed using standard equations as well as the derived equations for synthesized permittivity calculation. Then a proposed structure based on this technique is implemented and measured. A very good agreement between measurements and HFSS software simulation results is obtained.
Nowadays the use of Internet protocol (IP) has transformed the delivery of content and services over networks. The perspective of low costs communications determined a very fast development of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) technologies. Along with voice, VoIP communications channels can transport video streams also. This type of VoIP communications, also known as videoconferencing, demands a very high level of quality of services (QoS) assurance for network resources. The present paper is evaluating the effect of network impairments, like delay and jitter, from a network emulation environment, over the VoIP communications, focusing on the IP video calls or videoconferencing communication.
Given a synchronous wireless network with N nodes uniformly located at random on a finite plane, we consider the problem of distributed peer discovery: all nodes want to discover as many other nodes as possible. We assume that there are a total of K physical resources dedicated for the discovery purpose. Each node can pick one resource to transmit its node identifier on, and can receive on the remaining K-1 resources. We assume that node identifiers are broadcast via coded transmission on one single physical resource. This paper addresses link level strategies to increase the average number of discovered devices when N 鈮?aK, where a is the degree of density of the network. A classical strategy of discovering one node per resource would lead to a maximum of K-1 nodes being discovered. We focus on a multiple鈥攁ccess channel (MAC) scernario where multiple interferer users are jointly decoded. We propose a scheme to improve the performance. The method, based on iterative belief propagation on factor graph, is called joint iterative decoding (JID). It is shown, through system simulations, that JID may gain by significantly more than 100%over the classical single鈥攗ser decoding, and by 20鈥?5%over the successive interference cancellation (SIC).
In recent years, Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) have been largely deployed for various applications. Among them, monitoring in unlicensed frequency bands of the environment and historical sites assumes particular relevance. However, these bands are becoming more and more overcrowded due to the fast growth of wireless services relying on them. A possible solution to overcome this problem is offered by the so-called Cognitive Radio (CR) technologies. According to the Dynamic Spectrum Access (DSA) paradigm, nodes of one WSN can act as Secondary Users (SUs) accessing the unused portion of one licensed spectrum band. This is admitted provided that harmful interference to the licensees, namely the Primary Users (PUs), is avoided. In this paper, we describe how WSNs using DSA can be employed for applications of environment and cultural heritage monitoring. We show by system simulation that underlay CR techniques are well-suited to this kind of applications, allowing sensor nodes to continuously perform sensing data exchange while coexisting with primary systems.
Based on the mathematical model of brushless direct current (DC) motor, this paper uses the Simulink to model and emulate the brushless DC motor control system. The models of back EMF and current control module are obtained by using the look-up table. Thus, the system is more intuitive, more streamlined and easier to change models. The current and the torque waveforms got from the simulation are basically the same as the waveforms got by the time stepper finite element method. It shows that mathematical model and the simulation method are correct.
Using computer simulation technology for simulation and effective evaluation is the current plane the important means of distribution system research. With engineering application needs and provide the test data as the basis, Through airborne power distribution systems and electrical equipment for a detailed analysis, Based on the functional requirement, Based on the schematic and modeling method based on experimental data, Eastablished by the electrical load model and control model aircraft power distribution system composed of the overall simulation model. Use of saber software as whole system is simulated. Experimental results show the system model accuracy, effectiveness and practicality. Compare the simulation results with experiment, The simulation results reflect factually the dynamic process of power distribution system, strong convergence of simulation system for the future application of large-scale system simulation provides a useful reference.
This paper firstly analysis the feature of the LED production process, and demonstrates that the system simulation technology is an effective method for the LED production process; Second, based on the system simulation theory, the general strategy and procedures for the simulation techniques are analyzed in the production process. Finally, on the basis of analysis of production process, using the system simulation software Flexsim, a model of one LED chip manufacturing enterprise production flow is established. Through the experiment to the simulation model and analysis the results, the bottleneck of system is appearing. The bottleneck of system is analyzed, and an optimization model to solve the bottleneck is established
The computer simulation technology is to use computer science and technology simulation systems to need, and the model of dynamic experiment model a comprehensive technology. It used in the teaching of university experiment teaching, greatly reduce the cost, and constantly update and optimize the teaching resources. Changed the traditional education model, makes the teaching and learning in the way the revolutionary change.
Using computer simulation technique, this paper constructs an artificial stock market with China-specific investor structure and market environment, then conducts researches on tick size and price limit. The outputs show that stock return time series has obvious characteristic of steep-peak and heavy tails, in accordance with real stock market. At the same time, increasing tick size properly and relaxing price limit will help provide liquidity of the market, but aggravate stock market fluctuations some extent.
Facing the intense market environment, the modern manufacture industry produced an Agile Intelligent Manufacturing System (AIMS). It expounded the concept of the agile intelligent manufacture, and analyzed the reasons and the essence of system reconstruction. In addition, it discussed the key technology at present in the reconstruction process in detail, namely the virtual manufacturing technology, product data management technology, modular technology and intelligent control technology.
When a large-scale distributed interactive simulation system is running on WAN, the sites usually disperse over a wide area in geography, which results in the simulation clock of each site is hardly to be accurately synchronized with that of other sites. The asynchronous clocks and large transmission latency on WAN bring on a problem for the large-scale simulations to preserve the real-time causal order delivery of received events at each site. In this article, we analyze the indirect way to compare the values of asynchronous simulation clocks at first, and then propose a novel scheme which can select the reconstructible causal control information for each message so as to ensure the causal ordering of events in real time. Experiments demonstrate that the scheme can weaken the effect of network latency, reduce the overhead of the transmission amount of control information and improve the causal order consistency in asynchronous distributed simulations.
In this paper, the feasible scheme is proposed to do visual operation and to interact with dynamic system in the 3D virtual reality environment by VR toolbox of MATLAB. Using V-realm Builder toolbox to build 3D virtual model for 5dof upper-limb rehabilitation robot, then it simulates this model in the 3D virtual scene of MATLAB and observes the simulation state of dynamic system in the virtual reality environment through simulink interface. The simulation results show that the virtual-reality system of 5dof upper-limb rehabilitation robot runs well and can emulate the features of real rehabilitation robot, laying a solid foundation for rehabilitation evaluation system and telemedicine.
To achieve automatic retractable tail frame of scraper conveyor, we applied fuzzy control theory to the hydraulic system of the retractable tail frame, established transfer function model of electromagnetic valve-controlling-hydraulic cylinder, designed fuzzy controller, and carried out simulation of the system using SIMULINK in this paper. Through simulation, we compared the dynamic performance of fuzzy controller with that of conventional PID controller, and ultimately verified the feasibility of fuzzy control technology in retractable tail frame of scraper conveyor.
A framework for building EDM CAPP system based on Web using intelligent technology to support organizations characterized by physically distributed, enterprise-wide, heterogeneous intelligent manufacturing system over Internet is proposed. Expert system theory is introduced. Rule-Based reasoning and Case-Based reasoning method are introduced to reason EDM method. Fuzzy reasoning algorithm is applied to select technological data. Technological knowledge is shared using AI(Artificial intelligent) and Web techniques by EDM CAPP system. Full advantages of relation-based net EDM technological database to manage data are taken. By logic decision-making, calculation decision-making, heuristic decision-making, multi experts make decision over Internet on-line. System structure, design process, network conditions, realization methods and other key techniques are discussed. Instances are also introduced to testify feasibility.
Because some feedback quantities such as high-order line-of-sight rate derivatives are not directly measurable and some inner parameters exist uncertainties, sliding-mode guidance law considering the control loop dynamics goes against the practical application in general. Based on adaptive control and observation techniques, a novel observer-based adaptive sliding-mode guidance law is presented. The observer can realize the on-line estimate of the system states and uncertainties. The nonlinear system simulations show that compared with the traditional proportional navigation and sliding-mode guidance law, provided an enough maneuvering capability exists, this guidance law can not only realize the hit-to-kill of the target, but also has the advantages of maneuvering and homing performance.
How to estimating the duration of construction work is a key factor to consider when scheduling a new highway project. Because highway construction projects are generally completed outdoors, this work is inevitably affected by kinds of random factors. There is the high level of uncertainty involved in highway construction. Current project planning based on traditional duration estimation method cannot clearly ascertain the level of uncertainty. This paper divides the random factors involved in highway construction into two groups: weather conditions and the other factors. According to the different characteristics of these two groups of the random factors, the paper proposes different methods to deal with them when estimating the work duration. The computer simulation technique is used to estimate the effect of weather conditions. The traditional PERT method is used to estimate the effect of the other random factors. Finally, a case study is conducted that confirms the method can be practically used to estimate more reliable durations of highway construction work.
This paper presents an antilock braking system simulation model of electric vehicle (EV) for improving it handling and stability. It's focus on the study of ABS control on various road conditions. The model controller is based on fuzzy logic control. It simulation on various typical road conditions and has ideal antilock performance during braking.
To design high performance sensorless Brushless DC Motor control system, computer simulation technology is adopted to analyze the process of three-step starting process. Firstly, Park transform and Clark transforms are used to build the mathematical model of the first step, pre-position. To avoid striking current, a scheme of pre-position with gradually increasing bus voltage is proposed in the paper, which can make the rotor reach the pre-set position smoothly. In the second step, the acceleration curve of BLDC motor's rotor plays a key role for the whole starting process. To find out the optimal curve for a BLDC motor control system, the starting process with three types of rotor acceleration curve, linear, exponential and logarithmic, has been studied and analyzed by MATLAB based computer simulation. The simulation results show that the rotor acceleration curves have a great effect for the whole starting process.
Owing to the tamping mechanism of asphalt paver, the shocks towards flatiron-box are produced by compound motion of tamping beam. This significantly influences the road paving quality. In this paper, we adopt the multi-mechanical system simulation software ADAMS to establish the dynamics model of the tamper mechanism, and carry out the analysis of the mechanism based on virtual prototyping technology. Through the simulation analysis of tamping mechanism, we can get the impact regularity of the vibrating beam inertia force and moment of inertia as a result of the vibration frequency and amplitude. It provides a reference for the design of tamping mechanism for paver and the adjustment of construction parameters.
A simulation method for dynamic response analysis of mooring system based on virtual prototype technology is presented according to its characteristics of multisystem coupling and nonlinearity. Anchor chain is regarded as catenary to get the initial conditions of mooring system through its static analysis. According to the dynamic analysis of mooring system, we apply Morrison equations to simplify the mathematic analysis model of mooring system, and solve it using perturbation method. Mooring system fits a nonlinear system according to the experiment data in different conditions, and is simplified to nonlinear spring constraints to construct a virtual prototype model of offshore platform in ADAMS software. Its feasibility of dynamic analysis based on virtual prototype technology is demonstrated by an application example showing the simulation analysis of grab dredger. The simulation results show that the simplified model of mooring system provides a reliable analysis platform for the virtual simulation of offshore platform, and decrease its analysis complexity of the theory research on dynamic performance.
Recent virtualization-driven CPU architectural extensions involve tagging the hardware-managed Translation Look aside Buffer (TLB) entries to avoid TLB flushes during context switches, thereby sharing the TLB among multiple address spaces. While tagged TLBs are expected to improve the performance of virtualized workloads, a systematic evaluation of this improvement, its dependence on TLB and workload related factors and the performance implications of the contention arising from TLB sharing are yet to be investigated. This paper undertakes these investigations using a simulation-driven approach. We develop a simulation model for the tagged TLB and integrate it into a full-system simulation framework. Using this model, we show that the performance impact of using tagged TLBs ranges from 1%to 25%and is highly dependent on the size of the TLB, the TLB miss penalty and the nature of the workload and the type of tag used. The performance of consolidated workloads is also simulated and the observations from these simulations are used to highlight the performance variation due to resource contention in the shared TLB. Isolating the TLB behavior of one application in a consolidated workload from these variations due to the TLB contention by means of a static TLB usage control scheme is also explored. Furthermore, we show that the performance improvement due to tagged TLBs can be further increased by 1.4X for selected high-priority applications, by restricting the TLB usage of other low-priority workloads, in a consolidated workload scenario.
Network emulation is an efficient method for evaluating distributed applications and communication protocols by combining the benefits of real world experiments and network simulation. The process of network emulation involves the execution of connected instances of the software under test (called virtual nodes) in a controlled environment. In previous work, we introduced an approach to minimize the runtime of network emulation experiments based on prior known average resource requirements of virtual nodes. In this paper, we introduce NETbalance, a novel approach to runtime reduction for experiments with unknown or varying resource requirements. NETbalance migrates virtual nodes during an experiment to distribute the load evenly across the physical nodes, avoiding overloaded nodes and exploiting the idle resources on underloaded nodes for speeding up the experiment execution. We make the following contributions: First, we present an emulation architecture for efficiently supporting live migration of virtual nodes. Second, we propose a cost model for determining the runtime reduction achieved through the migration. Third, we introduce an algorithm for calculating placements that minimize the experiment runtime. Our evaluations of the NETbalance prototype show, that it is able to reduce the experiment runtime by up to 70
Runtime power and thermal management has attracted substantial interests in multi-core distributed embedded systems. Fast performance evaluation is an essential step in the research of distributed power and thermal management. Compared to software simulation, an FPGA-based evaluation platform provides fast emulation speed which enables us to test the performance of power/thermal management policies with real-life applications and OS. Compared to computer clusters, an FPGA-based platform has the flexibility to be configured into any network topology and hardware sniffer for performance monitoring can be added easily. This paper presents an FPGA based emulator of multi-core distributed embedded system designed to support the research in runtime power/thermal management. The system consists of multiple FPGAs connecting through Ethernet with each FPGA configured as a multi-core system. Hardware and software supports are provided to carry out basic power/thermal management actions including inter-core or inter-FPGA communications, runtime temperature monitoring and dynamic frequency scaling.
In this research we examine the supply and demand relationship in a carbon emissions trading market by using agent based system simulation. An agent based system is a computational system that simulates the behaviors of autonomous agents. We model different nations which take place in the carbon trading market as autonomous agents, and these agents act as buyers or sellers in the same trading market. A market-director agent directs the trading between the buyer and seller agents and enables a market mechanism with dynamic auction. This study analyzes the changes in carbon price and the total carbon reduction amount under several different demand scenarios. We used JADE (Java Based Agent Development Environment) as the simulation environment.
The scope of this paper is to show that an extended quasi-steady-state model of long-term dynamics that includes low-frequency interarea oscillations can be used effectively for the design of power system stabilizers (PSSs). All local and intra-area electromechanical oscillations are replaced in this model by equilibrium (algebraic) equations. In addition, prime mover models are reduced by eliminating one state variable. The proposed model is applied to several operating points of an 11-bus, four-generator test system commonly used for interarea oscillation studies. The PSSs designed using the simplified model provide adequate interarea damping for all operating points without affecting oscillation frequency. These results are verified through detailed system simulation.
This paper presents the development of a real-time hardware/software laboratory to interface a soft real-time power system simulator with multiple unified power flow controllers (UPFC) via hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) to study their dynamic responses and validate control and placement approaches. This paper describes a unique laboratory facility that enables large-scale, soft real-time power system simulation coupled with the true physical behavior of a UPFC as opposed to the controller response captured by many other real-time simulators. The HIL line includes a synchronous machine, a UPFC, and a programmable load to reproduce the physical dynamics of the UPFC sub-network.
This paper presents interactive power electronics educational tools. These interactive tools make use of the benefits of Java language to provide a dynamic and interactive approach to simulating steady-state ideal rectifiers (uncontrolled and controlled; single-phase and three-phase). Additionally, this paper discusses the development and use of Java applet programs to assist the teaching of conventional power electronics rectifier circuits and to serve as a first design tool for basic laboratory experiments in power electronics courses. Comparison was made among results obtained using a well-known simulator package, experimental results, and the developed interactive simulation applets in order to validate the latter.
This paper considers the transmission of scheduling information in orthogonal frequency-division multiple-access (OFDMA)-based cellular communication systems such as the Third-Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) long-term evolution (LTE). These systems provide efficient usage of radio resources by allowing users to be dynamically scheduled in both frequency and time. This requires considerable amounts of scheduling information to be sent to the users. This paper compares two basic transmission strategies: transmitting a separate scheduling message to each user versus broadcasting a joint scheduling message to all users. Different scheduling granularities are considered, as are different scheduling algorithms. The schemes are evaluated in the context of the LTE downlink using multiuser system simulations, assuming a full-buffer situation. The results show that separate transmission of the scheduling information requires a slightly lower overhead than joint broadcasting when proportional fair scheduling is employed and the users are spread out over the cell area. The results also indicate that the scheduling granularity standardized for LTE provides a good tradeoff between scheduling granularity and overhead.
We present a software simulation and a hardware proof of concept for a compact low-power lightweight ultrasonic echolocation design that is capable of imaging a 120$^{circ}$ field of view with a single ping. The sensor uses a single transmitter and a linear array of ten microphones, followed by a bank of eight spatiotemporal filters to determine the bearing angle of returned echoes. The sensor is capable of detecting multiple objects with a single omnidirectional ping, even if their echoes interfere with each other at the microphone array. The hardware implementation detects the bearing of nearby objects with an rms accuracy of 1.6$^{circ}$ and can reliably detect a 70-cm-long 5-cm-diameter metal table leg at a range of 3 m. Stronger reflectors, such as building corners, can be reliably detected at a range of 9 m.
A new network interface optimized for SARC supports synchronization and explicit communication and provides a robust mechanism for event responses. Full-system simulation of the authors' design achieved a 10- to 40-percent speed increase over traditional cache architectures on 64 cores, a two- to four-fold decrease in on-chip network traffic, and a three- to five-fold decrease in lock and barrier latency.
Spiking neurons and spiking neural circuits are finding uses in a multitude of tasks such as robotic locomotion control, neuroprosthetics, visual sensory processing, and audition. The desired neural output is achieved through the use of complex neuron models, or by combining multiple simple neurons into a network. In either case, a means for configuring the neuron or neural circuit is required. Manual manipulation of parameters is both time consuming and non-intuitive due to the nonlinear relationship between parameters and the neuron's output. The complexity rises even further as the neurons are networked and the systems often become mathematically intractable. In large circuits, the desired behavior and timing of action potential trains may be known but the timing of the individual action potentials is unknown and unimportant, whereas in single neuron systems the timing of individual action potentials is critical. In this paper, we automate the process of finding parameters. To configure a single neuron we derive a maximum likelihood method for configuring a neuron model, specifically the Mihalas-Niebur Neuron. Similarly, to configure neural circuits, we show how we use genetic algorithms (GAs) to configure parameters for a network of simple integrate and fire with adaptation neurons. The GA approach is demonstrated both in software simulation and hardware implementation on a reconfigurable custom very large scale integration chip.
This article presents a fast and accurate interval-based CPU timing model that is easily implemented and integrated in the COTSon full-system simulation infrastructure. Validation against real x86 hardware demonstrates the timing model's accuracy. The end result is a software simulator that faithfully simulates x86 hardware at a speed in the tens of MIPS range.
An approach to partition power system simulations formulated in mesh currents as variables is presented. Time-domain simulations of large-scale power systems are notoriously slow owing to the system order and amount of time-varying components. A common approach to reduce simulation run-time is to partition power systems using Bergeron's travelling-wave model and to simulate the subsystems on a distributed computer. In this study, power systems are partitioned using a new mesh tearing approach, and the subsystems distributed across the cores of a quad-core computer. A notional shipboard power system model was partitioned using the proposed partitioning approach, which is used to show how the simulation run-time reduces as a function of the number of partitions and number of power converters.
This paper deals with the design, manufacturing, and test of a three-axis magnetic field simulator for space applications. The main aim of this simulator is to reproduce the orbital magnetic field conditions in a definite volume. The simulator makes it possible to carry out the ground calibration campaign of the satellite magnetic sensors and can be used in attitude control system simulations that exploit "hardware in the loop" devices. An overview of the mechanical and electronics design of the system is given; the mathematical model of the expected field is also discussed, achieving design constraints to get the largest homogeneous magnetic field volume. Moreover, test campaign results regarding magnetic field homogeneity are depicted and compared with those expected in theory.
This paper studies real-time estimation of stability margin of a power system under disturbances by continuous measurement data. The paper presents a ball-on-concave-surface (BOCS) mechanics system as a power system's adaptive equivalent representing its real-time status and the stability region about a monitored variable. The parameters of the equivalent are adaptive to the operating condition and can online be identified from the phase-plane trajectories of the monitored variable. Accordingly, the stability margin and risk of instability can be estimated. Case studies on a two-generator system and a 179-bus system show that the BOCS system can be applied either locally or for wide-area stability monitoring in real-time calculation of stability margin. This paper proposes a new idea for using real-time measurements to develop and identify a power system's adaptive equivalent as a basis for online prediction of instability.
In the development process of electrical drive trains, consisting of a motor, the power electronics and the control scheme, it is difficult to predict the exact machine and control behavior in combination with the converter. Therefore, system simulations with analytical machine models embedded in a circuit simulation environment are performed. In order to increase accuracy by paying attention to parasitic machine effects caused by e.g. saturation or slot harmonics, a Finite Element model can be used instead of the analytical machine model. In this paper such a field-circuit coupling is applied to the simulation of a permanent magnet synchronous machine servo drive and the results are shown and discussed.
We describe a method for the visual interactive simulation of wires contacting with rigid multibodies. The physical model used is a hybrid combining lumped elements and massless quasistatic representations. The latter is based on a kinematic constraint preserving the total length of the wire along a segmented path which can involve multiple bodies simultaneously and dry frictional contact nodes used for roping, lassoing, and fastening. These nodes provide stick and slide friction along the edges of the contacting geometries. The lumped element resolution is adapted dynamically based on local stability criteria, becoming coarser as the tension increases, and up to the purely kinematic representation. Kinematic segments and contact nodes are added, deleted, and propagated based on contact geometries and dry friction configurations. The method gives a dramatic increase in both performance and robustness because it quickly decimates superfluous nodes without loosing stability, yet adapts to complex configurations with many contacts and high curvature, keeping a fixed, large integration time step. Numerical results demonstrating the performance and stability of the adaptive multiresolution scheme are presented along with an array of representative simulation examples illustrating the versatility of the frictional contact model.
The design, simulation and measurements of an on-chip Mach-Zehnder interferometer operating in the microwave regime are described. Using microwave signals in microfabricated superconducting Al waveguides, the concept of an interferometer is transferred from optics to on-chip. Tuning of the path length of one of the interferometer arms is executed through the tunable inductance of a SQUID. By placing one or more SQUIDs in the waveguide structure and by varying the magnetic flux through the SQUID loop, the total SQUID inductance can be tuned. In this way, a phase difference leading to destructive or constructive interference at the interferometer output can be achieved. Thorough software simulations were performed to determine the different design parameters, assign a desired working frequency and provide a reference for comparison with experimental results. Measurements at 300 mK show an effective working frequency close to the simulations, with a deviation smaller than 0.05 GHz. The behavior of the interferometer is very similar to the simulations as well. The on-off ratio exceeds 40 dB.
This article presents a technique to improve the lateral position resolution of pixelated 3-D position sensitive, semiconductor detectors. Improvements in lateral position resolution allow for more precise Compton-imaging calculations, detector-response calibrations, and interaction-based corrections resulting in better spectroscopic and imaging performance. In pixelated detectors, the lateral position resolution of a gamma-ray interaction location is traditionally limited to the dimensions of the individual pixels that constitute an anode array. Sub-pixel position resolution is achieved through algorithms that compare the amount of transient charge induced on pixels that neighbor a charge-collecting pixel. Measurements of the charge induced on the non-collecting pixels are made through analysis of digitized preamplifier pulse waveforms using optimized digital signal processing algorithms. A $2.0 {hbox {cm}}times 2.0 {hbox {cm}}times 1.5 {hbox {cm}}$ CdZnTe detector with a pixel pitch of 1.72 mm is used to demonstrate the sub-pixel position technique. A 100 $mu{hbox {m}}$ tungsten collimator is used to verify the accuracy of the method. The measured sub-pixel position resolution is 230 $mu{hbox {m}}$ at 662 keV. This result is consistent with the predicted value of 180 $mu{hbox {m}}$ at 662 keV based on a detailed system simulation assuming 4 keV FWHM electronic noise.
Novel devices incorporating multiple layers of new materials increase the complexity of device structures, particularly in field-effect transistors, capacitors, and nonvolatile memory (NVM). The mounting complexity of these devices increases the difficulty of generating energy band diagrams and performing device parameter calculations whether these calculations are done by hand, using spreadsheets, or via mathematical programs. Although finite-element Poisson–Schrodinger equation solvers are available to perform the calculations, the cost and time spent learning them can be a hindrance. A straightforward GUI interactive simulation tool is presented that quickly calculates and displays energy bands, electric fields, potentials, and charge distributions for 1-D metal–multilayered-dielectrics–semiconductor stacks. Fixed charge can be inserted into dielectric layers. The freeware program calculates device parameters, (e.g., effective oxide thickness, flat-band voltage $(V_{rm FB})$, threshold voltage $(V_{t})$, stack capacitance) and layer parameters (e.g., capacitance, potential, electric field, tunneling distance). Calculated data can be exported. Using the simulation tool, trap-based flash NVM is examined. Device performance characteristics such as the $V_{t}$ and $V_{rm FB}$ shifts of three different stacks are examined. Comparisons between the program and a finite-element Poisson–Schrodinger equation solver are performed to validate the program's accuracy.
Since traditional radar signals are “unintelligent,” regarding the amount of information they convey on the bandwidth they occupy, a joint radar and wireless communication system would constitute a unique platform for future intelligent transportation networks effecting the essential tasks of environmental sensing and the allocation of ad-hoc communication links, in terms of both spectrum efficiency and cost-effectiveness. In this paper, approaches to the design of intelligent waveforms, that are suitable for simultaneously performing both data transmission and radar sensing, are proposed. The approach is based on classical phase-coded waveforms utilized in wireless communications. In particular, requirements that allow for employing such signals for radar measurements with high dynamic range are investigated. Also, a variety of possible radar processing algorithms are discussed. Moreover, the applicability of multiple antenna techniques for direction-of-arrival estimation is considered. In addition to theoretical considerations, the paper presents system simulations and measurement results of complete “RadCom” systems, demonstrating the practical feasibility of integrated communications and radar applications.
Gain and phase mismatch effects of a double image rejection transmitter (DIRT) are examined by using error vector magnitude (EVM), image rejection ratio (IRR) and a union bound on the symbol error rate (SER). Although the DIRT has been utilised in many applications, the relationship between EVM and the IRR has not been previously reported. To analyse the relationship between EVM and IRR, the EVM functions are obtained using a complex envelope based matrix model and the IRR functions are approximated to provide insight into the gain and phase mismatch effects. Furthermore, the transmitter architecture has a lower sensitivity on both gain and phase mismatches under a proposed intermediate frequency (IF) gain condition, defined as gain condition-II. The system simulation results show that the IRR greater than 40 dBc can be achieved with 1 dB IF gain mismatch over the phase mismatch variations of -8° to -8°. The SER simulation results are also given for evaluating the system performance.
Operations such as object manipulation and palpation rely on the fine perception of contact forces, both in time and space. Haptic simulation of grasping, with the rendering of contact forces resulting from the manipulation of virtual objects, requires realistic yet interactive models of hand mechanics. This paper presents a model for interactive simulation of the skeletal and elastic properties of a human hand, allowing haptic grasping of virtual objects with soft finger contact. The novel aspects of the model consist of a simple technique to couple skeletal and elastic elements, an efficient dynamics solver in the presence of joints and contact constraints, and an algorithm that connects the simulation to a haptic device.
In this paper, we present an electronic readout system for wireless passive sensors based on inductively coupled $LC$ resonant circuits. The proposed system consists of a reader coil inductively coupled to the sensor circuit, an analog frontend circuit, and a digital signal processing unit. The analog frontend circuit generates a dc voltage representing the sensor resonance curve. The frequency of the reader coil driving signal is continuously readjusted by the digital signal processing unit. Based on analytical calculation and system simulation, we derive a model for the achievable accuracy of the overall sensor and readout system. The accuracy is limited by noise and systematic errors due to the measurement principle. We show how to design the digital signal processing system for optimal insensitivity to voltage noise. The noise sensitivity of the measurement system is inversely proportional to the square of the quality factor of the $LC$ sensor. This means that minimizing the losses of the sensor is of crucial importance to obtain a wireless measurement system with a high range and a good insensitivity to noise. Subsequently, we outline an approach to calculate the sensor resonance frequency, quality factor, and inductive coupling factor from the available voltage signals in the signal processing unit using linear fitting functions. The accuracy of our approach is exemplified by a system simulation for typical sensor parameters. For the system studied, we show that the relative linearization error of the sensor resonance frequency measurement is below 0.02%. Taking the general models presented for both the noise sensitivity and linearization error into account, it is possible to estimate the maximum distance and accuracy for any wireless sensor system based on an inductively coupled $- - LC$ resonator.
In this paper, we present a new Matlab-based toolbox for power system analysis, called $MatDyn$ . It is open-source software, and available for everyone to download. Its design philosophy is based on the well-known open-source Matlab toolbox MATPOWER , but its focus is transient stability analysis and time-domain simulation of power systems, instead of steady-state calculations.
This Paper introduced the GD (guideway database) design in CBTC (Communications-Based Train Control) system simulation in the scopes of data definition, data input, data parsing and data optimization. Based on directed graph, a standard mathematical topology representation, any location and physical equipment can be defined as a unique vector, such as <;edge, offset>;. The design balances accessible operation and accurate specification, and conforms to usage as well as to the rules of directed graph. Complicated guideway conditions are considered, including broken chain, curve and grade section. Guideway design optimization is discussed and the simulation illustrates the relevance to applications.
There are three steps to establish the visualization simulation platform of low-voltage power line carrier communication system. Firstly, we establish the MARLAB/Simulink simulation platform to simulate low-voltage power line carrier communication system. The simulation platform bases on the analysis of power line channel characteristics and take the multipath channel transmission model of M.Zimmermann and K.Dostert. Then, we actually measure a large of noise, and the collected data of noise is made of MAT file. We use the SIMULINK's From File model to set up the noise simulation model based on the analysis of noise characteristics. Lastly, through the parameters of channel and simulation are inputted in the designing GUI interface in order to control the process of system simulation, we realize the visualization of system simulation based on the object-oriented thought. Based on setting up the platform, it is proof that using the adaptive OFDM technology can overcome the frequency-selective fading characteristics of power line channel transmission, enhance the system's anti-interference capability and realize the reliable high-speed data communication.
To improve the reality of the Ogre-based virtual simulation scene, a method to display Chinese characters in 3D in the virtual simulation scene is presented. This method is based on the Font-Display principle used in the Ogre Three-dimensional scene. Meanwhile, with the methods of color mixing and rendering, it can set the size and color of the Chinese characters to fulfill the demand. The result of this experiment indicated that this method can efficiently draw Chinese characters in the virtual scene in 3D.
This paper investigates application of dynamic phasors for accelerated study of electric power system dynamics. Four different modelling techniques are applied to simulate the example system that includes synchronous generator, transmission line and load, under both normal and faulty operation. Effectiveness of dynamic phasor concept for electric power systems modelling is shown, and the ways to achieve the best simulation performance have been discussed.
Power system simulation software is a useful tool for teaching the fundamentals of power system design and operation. However, existing commercial packages are not ideal for teaching work-based students because of high-cost, complexity of the software and licensing restrictions. This paper describes a set of power systems libraries that have been developed for use with the free, student-edition of a Micro-Cap Spice that overcomes these problems. In addition, these libraries are easily adapted to include power electronic converter based components into the simulation, such as HVDC, FACTS and smart-grid devices, as well as advanced system control functions. These types of technology are set to become more widespread throughout existing power networks, and their inclusion into a power engineering degree course is therefore becoming increasingly important.
Load modeling is one of the most uncertain areas in power system simulations. Having an accurate load model is important for power system planning and operation. Here, a review of load modeling and calibration techniques is given. This paper is not comprehensive, but covers some of the techniques commonly found in the literature. The advantages and disadvantages of each technique are outlined.
In this paper we propose a unified economic dispatch and frequency control framework for power systems with an increasing amount of intermittent resources such as wind and solar. While the conventional hierarchies of power system decision and control are based on the time-scale separation principles (e.g., primary, secondary, and tertiary control), the increasing penetration of variable and uncertain resources may render the assumption of time-scale separation invalid. Therefore, the decision and control obtained from the conventional hierarchies will be suboptimal in its nature. In this paper, a model-based joint economic dispatch and frequency control scheme is proposed to improve the efficiency of generation control under the new set of assumptions. Enabled by advances in faster and cheaper sensing, communication, and computing capabilities, the proposed frequency aware economic dispatch (FAED) is readily implementable for today's power system operations. In a two-area test system simulation, we illustrate that the proposed FAED complies with the present frequency performance criteria and reduces the total generation cost.
A teaching method of “virtual” experimental scene based on virtual simulation platform is developed with the aim to solve the existing problems in geographical experimental teaching. The paper discussed some issues on how to build a practice teaching technology system with geographical scene simulation that integrating geographical space information collection, application and simulation. Some examples were given to describe the main construction process of the platform. The application of the platform will provide a new practice teaching pattern in which “experiment - theory sublimation - practice” for geographical experimental teaching research is used to promote students' abilities on laboratory test and field practice, comprehensive and innovative experiment.
Flexsim software can model discrete-time system; it is an ideal choice to plan the distribution center simulation and logistics system. The paper is according to the Flexsim system simulation software, comparative analyzing the distinguish of different picking strategy of distribution center, qualitative analyzing many types of applicability and relative merits of picking strategies, discussing the batch picking strategy of certain distribution centre and simulation cases of single picking strategy, emphasizing the relationship among the picking time, number of vehicles, number of items of goods and picking efficiency under two types of picking strategies. As the result, average efficiency of single picking strategy is higher than batch picking strategy when they are under the same storage conditions. This research will provide a decision support of optimizing of distribution center picking work.
This paper provides a procedure for calculation of transient electromagnetic fields in the vicinity of underground cables buried in lossy ground. In the proposed procedure, it is assumed that the cable behaves as a chain of small dipoles. The electric and magnetic fields at any observation point are derived by summing up the contribution of all dipoles. The per-unit-length parameters of the underground cable are approximated using a commonly-used formulation in power system simulation. A modified finite-difference time-domain technique is applied to find the current passing through each segment of the excited cable. Two frequency-domain formulations for calculation of electromagnetic radiation from a horizontal electric dipole are implemented and compared. The time-domain solution is obtained using Fourier and Inverse Fourier transforms. Finally, the effects of conductivity of the ground, insulator thickness, and the source-to-observation-point distance on the shape and magnitude of transient electric and magnetic field waveforms are studied.
In an attempt to make buildings more energy efficient, several building certification tools have been implemented through software simulation. The European project USE EFFICIENCY is currently being carried out at 9 European universities. The aim of the project is to raise public awareness of energy efficiency and present university students as examples for energy efficiency. Spanish participation in the project consists of evaluating the energy efficiency of some of the buildings of the Universidad Polite?cnica de Valencia. To perform this evaluation, the official certification software CALENER GT is used. It simulates the energy requirements of a building during a year. Furthermore, this tool provides a rating which depends on the consumption ratio obtained in the simulation and the standard consumption rate (which can be obtained if the building fulfils the minimum construction requirements). Simulation software TRNSYS is becoming more widely used in order to perform energy audits. This paper compares the results of the energy efficiency measurements by using both tools; CALENER vs. TRNSYS. The results shown correspond to a real building in the north of the Universidad Polite?cnica de Valencia.
The paper introduces the basic principles of space vector pulse width modulation (SVPWM) and SVPWM algorithm. According to the permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM) servo system, basing on the analysis of PMSM mathematical model and the principle of vector control, it builds a permanent magnet synchronous motor vector control system simulation model and carries out the simulation analysis. According to the detection of permanent magnet synchronous motor rotor initial position, it brings out the tiny displacement type proposed detection method. The simulation result shows the feasibility, high reliability and effectiveness of control methods, so it has important significance in achieving high precision control of permanent magnet synchronous motor.
This paper researched an all new designed multi-link and variable compression ratio single cylinder engine. Compare the kinematics function with the new design with the prototype 250 engine and the traditional multi-link and variable compression ratio mechanism by using the virtual simulation software MSC-Adams. The contrast result suggested that the new design had higher combustion efficiency and charging efficiency than the prototype engine, however, because of the molar increase with the multi-link design, the balance of the new engine became worse. Compared with the traditional multi-link and variable compression ratio mechanism, the new engine had compact styling and lower designed costs. And the new engine could adjust the compression ratio more widely and had the better kinematics than the traditional VCR design.
The hardware-in-the-loop simulation system is a necessary technique in the development of modern weapons. To improve the precision and real-time of the hardware-in-the-loop simulation system, the High Level architecture(HLA) is used to construct a new hardware-in-the-loop simulation system. Firstly, we give a brief introduction to HLA and apply HLA to the hardware-in-the-loop simulation system. A simulation support software developed according to the specifications of HLA interface, RTI provides a number of interconnected simulation services and serve as the basis for the HLA simulation system to do layer management and extensible distributed simulation. The whole simulation system is considered as a federation and distributed into several federations to carry out the distributed simulation. We reach the conclusion that the problems for the practical application of HLA to a large-scale interactive simulation system will be solved by enhancing the algorithm and performance of RTI software.
To fetch up the deficiency of fire escape education and exercise in our country, a virtual simulation system of fire escape was designed and implemented in this study. From the practical application, according to the characters of the constructed virtual environment, use modeling technology based on graphics and image to make up a approximately real fire scene. The simulation results showed that the system has more interactivity, and its ability to participate in experience makes the simulation training system become an innovative disaster prevention and relief methods.
A hardware design and software simulation are presented to control and monitoring greenhouse parameters such as: air temperature, humidity provision and irrigation by means of simultaneous ventilation and enrichment. A set of smart wireless sensor modules to control and monitoring system were designed and tested. The heart of the smart sensor is a microcontroller that receives data on greenhouse environment conditions from many sensors installed inside and outside. The smart sensor transfers the data to and from a PC via a wireless transmission system. Accordingly, it changes the state of greenhouse command devices, heaters, fans and vapor injectors to reach the desired condition. A friendly GUI using high level language was developed to carry out the monitoring tasks. The program implements the control algorithms comparing the received data with set points, sending control signals to the smart sensors in order to reach the desired conditions. Performance of the designed system was tested by installing it in the model greenhouse with a set of smart sensors.
Summary form only given. This paper presents a new solution method that combines state-space and nodal analysis for the simulation of electrical systems. The presented flexible clustering of state-space described electrical subsystems into a nodal method offers several advantages for the efficient solution of switched networks, nonlinear functions and for interfacing with nodal model equations. This paper extends the concept of discrete companion branch equivalent of the nodal approach to state-space described systems and enables natural coupling between them. The presented solution method is simultaneous and allows to benefit from the advantages of two different modeling approaches normally exclusive from one another.
The large increase of Distributed Generation (DG) in Power Systems (PS) and specially in distribution networks makes the management of distribution generation resources an increasingly important issue. Beyond DG, other resources such as storage systems and demand response must be managed in order to obtain more efficient and “green” operation of PS. More players, such as aggregators or Virtual Power Players (VPP), that operate these kinds of resources will be appearing. This paper proposes a new methodology to solve the distribution network short term scheduling problem in the Smart Grid context. This methodology is based on a Genetic Algorithms (GA) approach for energy resource scheduling optimization and on PSCAD software to obtain realistic results for power system simulation. The paper includes a case study with 99 distributed generators, 208 loads and 27 storage units. The GA results for the determination of the economic dispatch considering the generation forecast, storage management and load curtailment in each period (one hour) are compared with the ones obtained with a Mixed Integer Non-Linear Programming (MINLP) approach.
The proposed testbed of the cyber-power system consists of power system simulation, substation automation, and the SCADA system. Scenarios for substation cyber security intrusions and anomaly detection concepts have been proposed. An attack tree method can be used to identify vulnerable substations and intrusions through remote access points. Specific substation vulnerability scenarios have been tested. Temporal anomaly is determined by data and information acquired at different time points. This is a metric to determine the anomaly between two snapshots. In a distributed intrusion detection algorithm, distributed agents are trained with a large number of scenarios and intended for real-time applications. In a distributed environment, if an anomaly is detected by one agent, it is able to distribute critical information to other agents in the network.
This paper describes an SVC model including representation of the MV Bus and associated step-up transformer. In addition to providing insight on the inner workings of an SVC, such modeling allows representation of protective functions such as MV bus voltage limiter and TCR current limiter. The model is appropriate for simulations ranging from the short-term electromechanical dynamics to the extended-term dynamics of voltage instability, and from the severe undervoltages in voltage collapse simulations to the overvoltages in rejection studies. Utilizing a recent installation of two +300/-265 Mvar SVCs in the Oncor system as an example, guidance is provided for the selection of appropriate model parameters, including adjustments to be made when modeling two identical SVCs at the same station. Finally, with aid from time simulation results, the model response is illustrated, and agreement with calculations made during parameter derivation is confirmed.
As the penetration of wind generation in power systems continues to increase, so is the importance that system planners become comfortable with the implications and impact of the wind generation models they are utilizing in system studies. Frequency-control techniques (Bode diagrams and block-diagram algebra) are an effective means for attaining such comfort level. The paper illustrates use of such techniques by examining the reactive power control aspects of a widely-used Type 3 (DFIG) wind-generation model. The different layers of such control are discussed, from control of the individual generators to that of the wind-farm as a whole. The significant differences in speed between those layers of control have implications on assumptions to be made when conducting studies involving significant wind generation penetration. The effect of alternative settings on the speed and stability of the wind farm-level controls is also examined.
In order to provide a testing environment for generator control strategies, a wind turbine emulator was developed. First, a mathematical model was developed for the a 1.5MW wind turbine generator based on available modeling data. Using this data a function relating maximum power output and wind speed was developed along with a one-mass model of the turbine. The model was implemented in a software simulation along with controllers for a DC motor acting as the wind turbine and a dynamometer acting as the generator. The software simulation was implemented in LabVIEW and read in a data file containing high sample rate (20 Hz) wind speed data, calculated the optimal power from that wind speed, and generated control signals for the DC motor and dynamometer. The effectiveness of the controller was found by calculating the mean-square error between the optimal power calculated by the simulation turbine model and the actual power produced by the DC motor/dynamometer combination. Two 800 second wind speed data files were used as test inputs for the emulator: a low-speed low-frequency wind profile and a turbulent or varying-speed wind profile. The results of the controller development using these two wind speeds show that the turbine inertia is a significant factor in following the optimal power output of a wind turbine. The time constant of the generator speed-tracking function specified in the modeling data also plays a significant role in how quickly the system can respond to changes in wind speed.
A detailed electrical model of a wind turbine system equipped with a permanent magnet alternator (PMA), diode rectifier, boost dc to dc converter and inverter is presented. The power conversion system topology is explained and the electrical model of each component is presented. Based on this electrical model, a Simulink model of the system is constructed. The simulation was implemented in the power system simulation tools in MatLab SIMULINK. The output curves of the Simulink model (currents, power and voltages) and the actual measurement at the same wind speed taken from the actual operation of the 2.4 kW wind turbine installed at UMass-Lowell are in good agreement. The analysis of the results demonstrates the effectiveness of the constructed Simulink model which can be used to predict the performance of the wind turbine generator system. The steady state performance of the said wind turbine is also presented.
Increasing fault current contribution from wind farms into the utility network presents new engineering challenges for utility protection engineers. Traditionally, sequence component networks are used to calculate fault currents for relay settings, but there is at present uncertainty on the appropriate sequence component models of the various wind generator types for inclusion into protection calculation software. This paper develops a sequence component model for Type I (cage rotor induction generators) wind generators. Time-domain transient simulations of wind turbine-generator fault currents are run using several popular power system simulation packages, including PSCAD/EMTDC, EMTP-RV, and SimPowerSystems; these results are compared with the calculations based on the sequence network circuits, and found to have good agreement.
This paper presents the analysis of transient recovery voltage (TRV) under the presence of a saturable-core high temperature superconducting fault current limiter (HTS FCL). Calculations are performed for the case when an equivalent air core reactor that provides comparable fault current limitation as the FCL is inserted in the line. Simulations are performed using different approaches that comprise the direct solution of the related equations solved in a spreadsheet. This is compared with results obtained using EMTP-RV? and PSCAD? software simulation tools. The obtained results concur to show that the saturable-core HTS FCL has a significantly lower effect on the rate of rise of the circuit breaker TRV as compared with the air core reactor.
Technology of system simulation has become the important tool in studying various systems, particularly the complex systems. In this paper the method is applied to the construct an artificial stock market system and simulates the evolution of traders combined with genetic algorithm (GA). Then we can observe the macroscopic behavior of the artificial stock market from bottom to up and the impact to the stock market from traders' evolution mechanism of personal learning.
Operating room (OR) plays a key role in hospitals. Resources required for surgery process include both manpower and facilities. A rational utilization of resource may lead to high efficiency of OR, as well as patients satisfaction. A discrete event system simulation model of ORs in hospital is built under SIMIO. The case study is investigated based on current patients flow and operation data collected from a comprehensive hospital in Ningbo. By simulation, the current resources' utilization and the flow time of surgeries are analyzed. The simulation results indicate problems in current OR's management. Several suggestions based on resource allocation simulation are proposed for improving the OR's efficiency.
The downstream enterprises of supply chain usually order same kind of products from several suppliers within an industry cluster. Two different order allocation strategies considering production status are studied in this paper. The respective order allocation models of a manufacturer with multiple suppliers based on either the production capacity or production load equilibrium are proposed. Considering the uncertainty of demand and enterprises' production capacity, the discrete event system simulation is used to verify that the production load equilibrium-based strategy can not only guarantee the order's on-time delivery from the perspective of the available manufacturing resources, but also lead to promote the whole supplier group's operation level, so as to realize the optimization of the entire supply chain.
In order to achieve the virtual manufacturing (VM) technology, we need to carry out different aspects of scientific research[1]. This paper focuses on the virtual production planning in the manufacturing enterprise. The reasonableness of production planning program is evaluated by the Witness simulation software and data prediction. Finally, that will make out the balance of logistics, energy and time; eliminate bottlenecks problems in discrete production systems; find out the optimal solution by the theory of TOC and green performance; improve efficiency and assess a variety of the equipment and process design.
In this paper, an artificial stock market based on Agent is built combined with system simulation technology. The heterogeneous investors will evolve and adapt to the environment through social learning in the artificial stock market. Public rule set is composed of the trading rule of each investor. And the public rule set evolves by genetic algorithm. This paper analyzes and researches the impact of social learning in the different learning speeds on financial market and micro-level investor.
This contribution presents the modeling of compact Organic Rankine Cycle (ORC) power plants intended to generate electrical energy from waste heat. The component-oriented models are illustrated as a valuable means in system design and efficiency/profitability prediction of a potential product in consideration of varying boundary conditions. First, we demonstrate the modeling of two crucial components, one in a bottom-up manner and another one in a top-down manner, as well as the effective construction of a closed-loop system model. Secondly, all physical component models are systematically extended by their respective economic quantities (costs and profit-relevant energy production and consumption). On the system level, these quantities are generically merged with all legal subsidies and compensation that are applicable to the considered plant (with the German renewable energy source act serving as an example). Finally, using the integrative physico-economic models in dynamic system simulations, we show efficiency and profitability predictions of an exemplary ORC plant in two scenarios.
The power station simulation system is a really simulation of COSCO ROTTERDAM ship 5446 TEU power station. It is a kind of physics-mathematics mixed simulation. In its detailed analysis of power system based on the study, combined with the assessment of the Marine Safety Administration requirements, to streamline and optimize the design. Determine the simulation system of ship power station function to be achieved. On this basis, the mathematical model is completed of the ship power station and power system. Application of computer simulation technology to simulate a ship power system operation functions, and combined with the virtual switchboard to achieve with the natural scene and the man-machine interface of the power simulation system. The simulation system has been operated on the large machine simulator in the Maritime College Shandong Jiaotong University and achieved satisfactory results.
On the basis of mathematical model of two-wheeled self-balancing electrical motorcycle,we use virtual prototype technology in this paper to build mechanical system model and controling system model of two-wheeled self-balancing electrical motorcycle seperately in ADAMS and MATLAB,and then connect the both by ADAMS/Control interface module for realising interactive simulation of control under software system environment. Practice proves co-simulation of dynamic system and control system have promoted efficiency and reliability of two-wheeled self-balancing electrical motorcycle designing,and it is a precise and high efficient optimal design method.
Increasing shares of fluctuating renewable energy sources induce higher and higher power flow variability at the transmission level. The question arises as to what extent existing networks can absorb additional fluctuating power injection without exceeding thermal limits. At the same time, the resulting power flow characteristics call for revisiting classical approaches to line temperature prediction. This paper presents a probabilistic modeling and simulation methodology for estimating the occurrence of critical line temperatures in the presence of fluctuating power flows. Cumbersome integration of the dynamic thermal equations at each Monte Carlo simulation trial is sped up by a specific algorithm that makes use of a variance reduction technique adapted from the telecommunications field. The substantial reduction in computational time allows estimations closer to real time, relevant to short-term operational assessments. A case study performed on a single line model provides fundamental insights into the probability of hitting critical line temperatures under given power flow fluctuations. A transmission system application shows how the proposed method can be used for a fast, yet accurate operational assessment.
This paper presents an accurate fault-location algorithm for double-circuit series-compensated lines. Use of two-end current and voltage signals is taken into account and a more general case of unsynchronized measurements is studied. Different options for analytical synchronization of the measurements are considered. The algorithm applies two subroutines, designated for locating faults on particular line sections, and in addition, the procedure for selecting the valid subroutine. The subroutines are formulated with the use of the generalized fault-loop model, leading to compact formulas. Consideration of the distributed parameter line model ensures high accuracy of the fault location. The proposed selection procedure allows for reliable selection of the valid subroutine. The developed fault-location algorithm has been thoroughly tested using signals taken from Alternate Transients Program-Electromagnetic Transients Program versatile simulations of faults on a double-circuit series-compensated transmission line. The presented fault-location evaluation shows the validity of the derived fault-location algorithm and its high accuracy.
The unified power-quality conditioner (UPQC) is used to mitigate the current and voltage-related power-quality (PQ) problems simultaneously in power distribution systems. Among all of the PQ problems, voltage sag is a crucial problem in distribution systems. In this paper, a new methodology is proposed to mitigate the unbalanced voltage sag with phase jumps by UPQC with minimum real power injection. To obtain the minimum real power injection by UPQC, an objective function is derived along with practical constraints, such as the injected voltage limit on the series active filter, phase jump mitigation, and angle of voltage injection. Particle swarm optimization (PSO) has been used to find the solution of the objective function derived for minimizing real power injection of UPQC along with the constraints. Adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference systems have been used to make the proposed methodology online for minimum real power injection with UPQC by using the PSO-based data for different voltage sag conditions. The proposed method has been validated through detailed simulation and experimental studies.
This paper proposes voltage-shift acceleration control for islanding detection of distributed-generation (DG) inverters. The proposed method is conceptually based on a traditional dq -based voltage positive feedback control. A main improvement of the proposed control is that the anti-islanding performance and its impact on inverter output control can be consistent regardless of inverter operation points. An analytical approach based on a small-signal model of an inverter controller is used to prove the proposed control. Also, an analytical design method is proposed to obtain proper control gain that satisfies two conflicting issues: successful anti-islanding and limited impact on inverter control. Simulation and experimental tests were conducted to validate the proposed detection algorithm and its design method. In addition, simulation results on a two DGs system are shown to investigate the performance in multiple DGs operation.
This paper based on the theory of transient electromagnetic method to establish the model of multi-layer columnar medium, deduce and solve the model, calculate the formation of the induced electromotive force. Through the software simulation, the different electrical parameters on the influence of the induced EMF were visually observed, which can determine the feasibility of the method, and provide a new method for the detection of residual oil.
A novel algorithm of digital Gaussian shaping for a semiconductor X-ray detector in real time is presented in this paper in details. The algorithm is established between the input signal and the output signal basing on Sallen-Key filter and Kirchhoff Current Law. And it is a second order non-homogeneous differential equation. Then a general numerical recursive root is obtained by applying numerical differentiation method. And digital Gaussian filtering of a standard exponential-decaying signal and a nuclear pulse signal are implemented as well. Lastly, depending on software simulation, the shaping operators are confirmed. Preliminary experimental tests show potential advantages of using these techniques in energy dispersive X-ray fluorescence system.
This article describes the parameterization process of dynamic battery models for cell and system simulation. Three commonly used equivalent circuit battery models are parameterized using a numeric optimization method and basic electrical tests with a lithium-ion polymer cell. The maximum model performance is investigated and a reasonable simplification is presented. The parameterized models are then validated and compared using a current profile obtained from an electric vehicle simulation performing a real life driving cycle.
As an inherent characteristic of any distributed system, the execution and performance of distributed virtual simulations totally rely on underlay communication infrastructure and resources. The performance of such simulations is directly restricted by the communication latencies between interdependent simulation components. The high level architecture (HLA) is a framework designed with the objective of organizing these simulations through management services. However, the framework is unaware of the communication delays caused by the network distances between communicating simulation parts. These delays can result from nonplanned initial deployment or dynamic simulation changes, requiring constant load balancing. Due to the importance of balancing distributed simulations, many approaches have been designed. In order to provide a balancing system aware of the dynamic communication changes, a delay-based redistribution scheme has been designed. The scheme successfully arranges the load, but it lacks precision due to communication delay oscillations. Therefore, extensions are proposed to modify the balancing algorithm in order to avoid unnecessary, mistaken load rearrangements. In the experimental results, the delay-based scheme has been able to reduce the simulation execution time when compared with the distributed balancing scheme, and the proposed extension has been capable of increasing the precision of the balancing.
This paper describes three data driven methods to monitor electromechanical oscillations in interconnected power system operation. The objective is to compare and contrast the performance of the methods. The accuracy of damping ratio and frequency of oscillations are the measures of the performance of the algorithms. The advantages and disadvantages of various techniques and their limitations to measurement noise have been considered while assessing performance. The target frequency and damping are computed using the Nordic power system simulation model.
This paper presents the results of an initiative to transmit imagery content through a Link-16 tactical network using a multirresolution approach based on wavelets to compress images. Firstly, we identify the operational requirements. Secondly, we justify why JPEG2000 is our choice for coding still images. Thirdly, we propose a method to map the JPEG2000 code-stream into Link-16 free-text messages. We propose to send the most important part of the JPEG2000 compressed image in a more error resistant Link-16 packed structure and the remaining of the image in less robust data structures but at higher data rates. Finally, we present our results based on software simulations and laboratory tests with real Link-16 terminals including a comparative analysis with Link-16 enhance throughput. A configuration using two MIDS-LVTs has being set up, along with JPEG2000 coding and decoding software tools.
As the Navy requires increased data throughput via satellite communications at sea, the need for a vessel based SATCOM multi-band antenna operating at both C and Ku-bands is on the rise. The design of a compact, high performance, simultaneous C and Ku-band antenna and feed presents many technical challenges. Such challenges include mechanical packaging of the feed components with short focal length optics, broadband axial ratio that is less than 0.75 dB, and broadband high efficiency. This paper describes the design and testing of a multi-band coaxial antenna subsystem as part of the Navy Commercial Broadband Satellite Program (CBSP). The subsystem includes capability to switch among linear and circular polarization at C-band as well as adjustable linear polarization at Ku-band. Both software simulations and test data are presented for the antenna performance.
CORE (Common Open Research Emulator) is a network emulation tool that uses virtualization provided by FreeBSD jails, Linux OpenVZ containers, and Linux namespaces containers. Here the modular architecture is described that makes supporting these three platforms possible, and the relative performance of each is compared. Initial work in integrating this tool with higher-fidelity link- and physical- layer emulation is also described.
The fire control system dynamic simulation test method got proposed through the way of system simulation. In this method, radiation and motion characteristics of the target were modeled by multifunctional target simulator, the 3-DOF platform was used in simulating the attitude characteristic of carrier. The composition of system, working principle and simulation results were introduced in detail in this paper. The mathematical model of simulation method which was proved to be correct by test, could greatly shorten test period, reduce test consumption, and was of great significance to improve the comprehensive test abilities of target range.
In this paper, we present a flexible network on-chip topology: NR-Mesh (Nearest neighbor Mesh). The topology gives an end node the choice to inject a message through different neighboring routers, thereby reducing hop count and saving latency. At the receiver side, a message may be delivered to the end node through different routers, thus reducing hop count further and increasing flexibility when routing messages. This flexibility allows for maximizing network components to be in switch off mode, thus enabling power aware routing algorithms. Additional benefits are reduced congestion/contention levels in the network, support for efficient broadcast operations, savings in power consumption, and partial fault-tolerance. Our second contribution is a power management technique for the adaptive routing. This technique turns router ports and their attached links on and off depending on traffic conditions. The power management technique is able to achieve significant power savings when there is low traffic in the network. We further compare the new topology with the 2D-Mesh, using either deterministic or adaptive routing. When compared with the 2D-Mesh using deterministic routing, executing real applications in a full system simulation platform, the NR-Mesh topology using adaptive routing is able to obtain significant savings, 7%of reduction in execution time and 75%in energy consumption at the network on average for a 16-Node CMP System. Similar numbers are achieved for a 32-Node CMP system.
Traditional trace-driven memory system simulation is a very time consuming process while the advent of multicores simply exacerbates the problem. We propose a framework for accelerating trace-driven multicore cache simulations by utilizing the capabilities of the modern many core GPUs. A straightforward way towards this direction is to rely on the inherent parallelism in cache simulations: communicating cache sets can be simulated independently and concurrently to other sets. Based on this, we map collections of communicating cache sets (each belonging to a different target cache) on the same GPU block so that the simulated coherence traffic is local traffic in the GPU. However, this is not enough due to the great imbalance in the activity in the different cache sets: some sets receive a flurry of activity while others do not. Our solution is to load balance the simulated sets (based on activity) on the computing element (host-CPU or GPU) that can manage them in the most efficient way. We propose a heterogeneous computing approach in which the host-CPU simulates the few but most active sets, while the GPU is responsible for the many more but less active sets. Our experimental findings using the SPLASH-2 suite demonstrate that our cache simulator based on the CPU-GPU cooperation achieves on average 5.88x speedup over alternative implementations running on CPU, speedups which scale well with the size of the simulated system.
In ionospheric vertical sounding, an antenna with 1 ~ 20 MHz detection frequency range is enough because F2 layer critical frequency is usually lower than 20MHz, and the antenna gain requirements are relatively low because of the strong vertical sounding echoes. Besides, stable impedance, and vertical main lobe of radiation in the whole sounding frequency range are also required. This paper presents a new type of antenna structure for ionospheric measurements. According to FEKO software simulation, it is optimal designed for the vertical ionospheric measurements with the miniaturized size.
Target signal simulation is a key link in radar system simulation and radar performance evaluation. In this paper, the simulating method to liner-FM radar target echo is put forward by analyzing its signal characteristics and fluctuations. And aiming at monopulse radar, simulating method to antenna diagram of sum/difference and functional block diagram to sum/difference channel signal are given. The methods are easy to implement in project and can be used to signal simulation of linear-FM radar.
In order to realize the application of electro-hydraulic actuator under conditions of high speed and heavy load, two mechanical structures based on double switch valves were proposed. Hydraulic system simulation model was established in AMESim and simulation research for dynamic characteristics was performed. The key parameters for electro-hydraulic actuator's response speed were analyzed, and the theoretical basis was provided for actuator performance optimization. The test bench was set up and the experimental research was performed. Simulation results show that the opening and closing time of piloted operated actuator are reduced by 3ms and 35ms, when compared with the one based on double high speed on/off valves. Experimental results show that the pilot operated actuator prototype opens in 14.8ms and closes in 17.7ms, which can completely meet the application requirements of fast response and heavy load.
With the application of high technology in the development of weapon, the complexity of weapon system is becoming higher than before. Aiming at the problems of heavy workload and long development cycle, this paper puts forward a new design idea of simulation platform that integrating the Virtools and HLA technologies and researches the key technologies in the simulation system. Then basing on the research, the developer designs the simulation platform of one self-propelled Anti-aircraft gun weapon system.
Building information technology includes production process information technology and management information technology. The first one can improve efficiency and productivity, and the other one can improve the business treatment efficiency and management level. In this paper, combining with the application requirement of building construction, application research o virtual simulation technology is discussed, which is one of the key technologies in the information construction process. Furthermore, by analysis of Zhengda Plaza in Shanghai, the application of this simulation technology is introduced in detail.
The purpose of the paper is to demonstrate a general and rigorous computer-aided design (CAD) procedure that can potentially provide a systematic answer to the needs of modern circuit-level microwave system simulation/design by combining nonlinear, electromagnetic (EM), and propagation analysis tools. As examples of application, a systematic approach to a full CAD-based treatment of multi-input multi-output (MIMO) and ultra wide band (UWB) links is presented. The EM theory allows to evaluate a set of Norton equivalent generators to derive a circuit description of the receiver excitation: in the MIMO case one generator for each ray coming from each transmitting antenna; in the UWB case one generator for each harmonic frequency used to describe the spectrum of the impulse-radio (IR)-UWB signal. For the first time, highly-complex radio frequency (RF) links can be optimized by means of the rigorous circuit-level CAD tool here presented: the selection of both the optimum distance between the receiving antennas and the optimum transmitted pulse shape is numerically performed in the MIMO and UWB case, respectively.
Phased array radars have received considerable importance both in commercial and defense communications. Lot of research has been carried out regarding development of its necessary components such as the antenna array, transmit/receive module (TRM) and processor unit. The cost, efficiency, wide bandwidth, and fabrication technology for the TRM have been pursued as key research areas. Cost reduction techniques till date have focused on the use of high tech MMIC fabrication techniques. Literature lacks in guiding a novice design engineer working on TRM in a cost effective manner. This paper presents mathematical analysis of signals processed in a TRM to enable a design engineer understand the constraints involved in the system design. The behavioral simulation, at 2.0 GHz, of TR module has been performed and, simulated results of phase shifter and TR switch sub-modules are also presented. Detailed system simulation is performed using lumped components for cost effective implementation in a lab environment. The results depict a close realization of the mathematical formulation.
In cellular radio network simulations the modeling of terminal antennas is often extremely simplified. In this paper the results from a study on the impact of using realistic terminal antennas in LTE system simulations are presented. Results from downlink simulations using measured radiation patterns of a number of typical multi-antenna terminals have been compared with results using an ideal antenna model. The results showed that the impact was weak in a scenario with high intercell interference while a substantial performance degradation could be observed in a scenario with low interference. Cell-edge throughput was found to be the most sensitive performance metric which in the worst case suffered a 53%throughput reduction compared to the ideal model. An analysis of the relation between antenna properties and system performance is also presented. It was observed that the geometric mean of the eigenvalues of the pattern covariance matrix has a distinct connection to system performance. It was also found that efficiency is important for cell-edge throughput and that the pattern correlation has impact on peak throughput.
This paper describes the application of the numerical scattering analysis embedded into systems simulations for navigation and radar systems. A special focus is on the theory and application and the numerical scattering analysis of the Radar Cross Section RCS for wind turbines WT. WT are installed on the ground and are in the mutual near field of the radar antenna and the WT preventing the reasonable and correct application for practical demonstrated cases.
Energy consumption is a major issue in data centers operating 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The power dissipated by a web cluster is not proportional to the numbers of incoming requests if only DVFS (Dynamic Voltage Frequency Scaling) is used. This is because of the nonlinear power efficiency of DVFS, the large load fluctuation in web services and the typical CPU utilization rates of a server. This paper presents a system level controller making a cluster of low-power servers power proportional by managing the resources on the platform. Our controller uses sleep states to switch on or off CPUs in order to continuously match the current workload with the system capacity. Methods from control theory are used to drive the CPUs from and into sleep states. The power proportional characteristics of the proposed energy manager are studied for different workload patterns. Results from system simulation show that power proportionality is obtainable but only with appropriate parameters set on the controller.
The work developed in this paper presents a comparison between three different phase detection algorithms in order to study the benefits of using each of them when they are applied inside a sensorless rotor position estimation technique. In particular we will analyse the various aspects related to the use of each single algorithm when it is applied into a specific model-based sensorless strategy and when we also take into account the typical impairments affecting the implementation of the real setup, such as unwanted harmonic components and measurement offsets. As a first step a short overview on each phase-detection algorithm under consideration will be given and subsequently the proposed model-based estimation technique will be presented. As a second step the three algorithms are analyzed in detail highlighting their dynamical performances and their robustness properties against implementative knots, in particular through the use of software simulations and real-time simulations reproducing the specific test case of a five-phase motor.
Manycore systems require energy-efficient on-chip networks that provide high throughput and low latency. The performance of these on-chip networks affects cache access latency and, consequently, system performance. This paper proposes solutions to address the performance limitations related to the use of snoop-based cache coherence protocol on switched network-on-chip (NoC). We propose a new network flow control technique, Express Virtual Channel with Taps (EVC-T), for transmitting both broadcast packets and data packets efficiently. In addition, we propose a low-latency broadcast packet notification tree network that maintains the order of broadcast packets on an unordered NoC. We evaluate our technique using both synthetic traffic and parallel benchmark suites through detailed system simulation. EVC-T reduces the average network latency by 24%with a negligible change in power for synthetic benchmarks. For NAS parallel applications, EVC-T increases the instructions per cycle (IPC) by 9%on average with minimal increase in power. Our technique reduces the energy-delay product (EDP) by 13%on average across all benchmarks.
In this paper, a new direct digital method of spectral correlation-interferometric direction-finding is proposed. Also the analysis of fast-acting and exactness of proposed method was executed. The results of analytical analysis and software simulation are resulted. As a result of the use of this method the increase of fast-acting of correlation direction-finders is provided.
The primary challenges in reconfigurable computing relate to ease of use. The usual approach to mapping an application for execution on an FPGA has been equivalent to laborious RTL design. The research presented in this talk will highlight our experimentation with techniques for improving the ease of use of reconfigurable devices on a variety of fronts and for a wide range of computing tasks. This research has been driven by a few major application areas, including tasks in computer system simulation and a set of compute intensive tasks drawn from signal processing in radio astronomy and data-processing in systems biology.
This paper presents an electronic system-level integrated development platform, called EPIDETOX, to help designers build transaction level models of IP designs, integrate IP designs into SOC systems, construct system virtual prototypes, and analyze the performance of various application software and hardware. EPIDETOX consists of three parts, namely an integrated design environment, a collection of IP/system designs, and a suite of design tools. With this platform, IP/system designers are allowed to deal with various system-level design issues such as the whole system simulation/verification, algorithm & architecture co-design, low power design, SOC testing/debugging, etc. All the capabilities of EPIDETOX are provided via a friendly graphic user interface, which makes EPIDETOX a powerful and very easy-to-use ESL integrated development platform. Two case studies, one for an H.264 encoder design and the other for SOC test architecture exploration, are provided to demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of EPIDETOX in system designs.
The shallow water acoustic (SWA) channel is one of the most challenging channels in wireless digital communications. In this paper, we propose a good performance, low complexity channel coding scheme using quasi-cyclic LDPC (QC-LDPC) codes to improve the communication system reliability for SWA channels. A system simulation model including QC-LDPC codes for the SWA channels is built. With the decoding algorithm of belief propagation (BP), the effects of QC-LDPC codes design parameters, such as girth, circulant permutation matrix size and decoding iterations are discussed. To verify the proposed approach, Quangang Xiaocuo harbor blasting data are used to set up a SWA channel model, and the performances of QC-LDPC codes over the channel model are analyzed. The results show that, with the same parameters, the proposed QC-LDPC channel coding strategy for SWA channels substantially outperforms the conventional (3, 6)-LDPC channel coding strategy, and with less complexity and easy implementation.
The fast growth of wind energy utilization has necessitated research on wind energy integration. Due to the variable nature of wind and the forecasting challenges, it is desirable to utilize wind energy alongside energy storage sources for reliable wind energy integration. This paper details the design of a supercapacitor storage system that is integrated into an in-lab grid that was developed to research methods aimed at optimizing energy production while increasing the predictability of wind farm outputs. The in-lab grid features the emulation of several high-power grid sources and loads including a wind farm, energy storage systems and hydro resources. Results include the storage system simulations generated from a variety of AGC algorithms run on a dSPACE rapid prototyping machine. In addition, this paper presents a model for a supercapacitor developed to be used in characterization and lifetime tests. These tests are useful in predicting performance of the system for purposes of ensuring its efficient and safe use. Results validating the model and estimating the expected performance of the system are presented.
The performance of two different types of heatsink design for a Liquid Crystal Display has been studied. Design of Experiments method was carried out to select 25 designs for each type, and the models were then analysed using computer simulation techniques to obtain the performance of the designs. The performance data were then used to construct approximate quadratic response surface equations which were used to find the optimal designs for each design type and to identify key design parameters.
Range based system simulations are increasingly preferred in recent years to cope with the performance issues inherent with standard multi-run simulations. Traditionally, deviations of nominal system parameters are considered statistically by steadily varying the system parameters and simulating all of these parameter space realizations in multiple simulation runs. In range based or semi-symbolic simulations, deviations of system parameters are modeled in continuous ranges expressed as symbolic quantities. Therefore, a range based system simulation achieves in one simulation run the result for all the modeled parameter deviations, thus significantly reducing the computation effort. This work uses a semi-symbolic simulation environment to obtain a range based system response. Subsequently the symbolic labeling of ranges is used to trace back the resulting sub-ranges of the system response to their respective parameter origin to identify potential refinement candidates. Based on this capability a refinement design flow is introduced which allows by refinements to improve the robustness and accuracy of cyber physical systems. Identifying refinement candidates is manifold and is demonstrated in an example by assessing a communication receiver SNR metric.
We propose a systems design procedure to integrate mechanical design, structural prototyping, and servo evaluation through careful comprehension of the servo-mechanical-prototype production cycle commonly employed in mechatronic industries. Our approach focuses on the Modal Parametric Identification (MPI) of key feedback parameters for fast exchange of design specifications and information to enable efficient conduct of product design evaluations and support schedule compression of the R&D project life cycle. Using the commercial Hard Disk Drive (HDD) as a case example, we demonstrate how our approach allows inter-disciplinary specifications to be communicated amongst engineers from different backgrounds to speed up the R&D process for the next generation of intelligent manufacturing. This provides the project management team with powerful decision-making tools for project strategy formulation, and improvements in project outcome are potentially massive because of the low costs of change.
Hardware/software partition is an essential step in current complex digital design. During the last decades, several partition methodologies have been proposed, most of them based on software and hardware performance estimations. A common limitation of these methodologies is that the source code of the hardware part has to be modified and/or adapted in order to obtain accurate hardware estimations. This paper presents a new hardware performance estimation tool that works with high-level system specifications. An important advantage of the proposal is that the same source code can be used for hardware and software estimations. In order to obtain the execution time of the hardware partition during system simulation, every element of the algorithm is decomposed into primitive operations that are dynamically queued in a sliding-window of limited size. Several hardware-related restrictions are applied to this queue and two dynamic scheduling methodologies are used. The first scheduling methodology enables the estimation of a low bound of the hardware execution time. This estimation should be faster than any implementation of the hardware part. The second methodology provides an upper limit of the execution time that represents a hardware implementation with a low synthesis effort. These limits help designers to decide if it worthwhile to adapt part of the code to be implemented in hardware.
This paper reports on the real-time power system simulator tests that were performed on the actual controls of the Birchtree SVC. The Birchtree SVC and close to 500 km of new 230-kV transmission lines are being placed in service in 2011 to accommodate the firm interconnection of a new 200 MW hydro generating facility in northern Manitoba. The real-time simulator model represented the Manitoba Hydro network in detail within approximately 300 km of the SVC including the Ponton SVC and machine dynamics of several hydro generators. The network was equivalanced outside this area. The main results verify that the two SVCs are electrically-close and required voltage regulator gain adjustment to ensure no adverse interaction. The power oscillation damping (POD) controller was shown to not work well in an islanded configuration. Rather than have dual stabilizer settings, it was decided to disable the POD when operation in the island mode was detected. The SVC controls were confirmed to be immune to severe harmonic distortion caused by geomagnetic induced current.
This paper presents an interactive simulation environment for distance protection, developed with ATP and foreign models based on ANSI C. Files in COMTRADE format are possible to generate after ATP simulation. These files can be used to calibrate real relays. Also, the performance of relay algorithms with real oscillography events is possible to assess by using the ATP option for POSTPROCESS PLOT FILE (“PPF”). The main purpose of the work is to develop a tool to allow the analysis of diverse fault cases and to perform coordination studies, as well as, to allow the analysis of the relay's performance in the face of a real event.
Modeling environments to study epidemic outbreaks can be used as decision support tools by decision makers to support public health policies. However, although the current high performance simulation engines have become adept at rapidly simulating disease diffusion, computational environments for exploring complex mitigation strategies are fairly rudimentary. Interactive simulations provide a natural way to study the complicated co-evolution of disease dynamics and public policies. In this paper, we formalize the problem of interactive simulations and present experimental results based on an interactive simulation platform that we have recently developed.
Activity recognition research relies heavily on test data to verify the modeling technique and the performance of the activity recognition algorithm. But data from real deployments are expensive and time consuming to obtain. And even if cost is not an issue, regulatory limitations on the use of human subjects prohibit the collection of extensive datasets that can test all scenarios, under all circumstances. A powerful and verifiable simulation tool is needed to accelerate research on human activity recognition. We present Persim, an event driven simulator of human activities in pervasive spaces. Persim is capable of capturing elements of space, sensors, behaviors (activities), and their inter-relationships. We focus on presenting the five main use cases for Persim addressing dataset synthesis, reuse and extension of existing datasets, sharing of data and simulation projects, as well as data validation.
Design and development of wireless sensor networks implies software simulations and hardware tests. Through this paper, the testing environment developed in the lab for WSN nodes energy consumption monitoring and hardware simulation of the nodes behavior in a small scaled network is presented. It is designed to individually control the sensed data and the power supply of each sensor node from the network using a wired network of microcontroller based modules that are assigned to one or several sensors. These modules are linked on the same CAN bus used as communication media together with a computer system which manage the message flow. This system can be easily expanded to support more nodes, only by connecting the pairs of microcontroller boards — wireless sensors to the CAN bus. It was designed to support new features by defining and implementing related CAN messages and updating the software running on microcontroller boards.
Due to unique security and communication channel constraints, military communication networks often must send data between serial devices at extremely low data rates. As military networks begin to migrate towards packet-based transport, data from these serial applications will need to be packetized and transferred from sender to receiver in a circuit-emulation tunnel. In addition to packetizing and serializing the data sent across the network, these circuit-emulation tunnels must also remove the jitter caused by packet-based transport. Packetizing/serializing data and removing jitter can result in a significant amount of bandwidth overhead and delay. This paper provides a brief description of various circuit-emulation technologies and a detailed analysis of the bandwidth overhead and delay due to serial-to-packet conversion. An analytical model was developed that predicts bandwidth overhead and delays resulting from the circuit-emulation tunnel as a function of the serial interface speed, packet size, jitter buffering, and control messaging. The analytical model was tested against a series of network emulation experiments using commercial circuit-to-packet devices. Results show a fundamental trade between bandwidth overhead and delay. Circuit-emulation tunnels with small packet sizes have short packetization delays and large bandwidth overhead, while tunnels with large packet sizes have long packetization delays and smaller bandwidth overhead. These trends are more pronounced at the lower data rates because it takes a longer time for the serial data to be packetized. Experimental and theoretical results presented in this paper show similar trends with slight discrepancies due to internal processing effects not included in the analytical model.
The distributed interactive simulation of multidomain is an important research area of the distributed virtual reality. However, frequent interaction, great quantity of messages and the discrepant need of each individual simulation domain resulted in numerous redundant messages. Filtering out the redundant data and relieving the transfer loads become a pressing necessity. We analysis the principle of data filtering of HLA standard and introduce a data filtering algorithm based on publish/subscribe. Utilized the data locality feature of distributed interaction simulation, this algorithm can be used in multi-domain either. The experiment shows that the method we introduced provides reliable data filtering performance with incurred incremental costs on purchasing information endurable by our system. In addition, the data filtering matching efficiency is well.
As supercritical boiler is used more and more widely, the research on virtual simulation about it has become a hot topic in order to improve the functions and the characteristics of boiler. The virtual simulation of steam-water process often cannot achieve good results because of the complexity of the supercritical boiler and the difficulty of steam-water simulation. In this paper the establishment method of supercritical boiler models is interpreted, as well as the lightweight technologies of the complex models. Based on the models, a virtual simulation method of steam-water process in supercritical boiler is put forward by making full use of the particle system and the mapping technique effects within 3D VR platform. Taking 600MW supercritical boiler as an example, the virtual simulation of steam-water process is established. The results show that the virtual simulation system can clearly show steam-water process, the change process of steam-to-water, and the steam-water temperature in the supercritical boiler.
Modeling and simulation of special effects in flight simulation visual system is an important field in computer simulation technology and virtual reality technology in recent years. In this paper, we study the simulation of Jet fire based on the particle system. Texture mapping and LOD techniques are used to enhance the operation speed. The result shows that visual effect of Jet fire is true to life, and it can even meet the need of real time animation on generic PC. At the same time, the simulations of rain and snow are given.
Research in general purpose and special purpose simulation platforms typically treat model development, experimentation, validation and deployment of simulations as distinct phases. Direct involvement of decision-makers is usually limited to the validation phase, even though their participation significantly improves the effectiveness and applicability of models. Unfortunately, the complexity and sophistication involved in the model development and experimentation phases deters their participation. This also makes the validation problem particularly challenging, and hinders the credibility and successful deployment of such models. In addressing this problem, we introduce an interactive simulation platform called Interactive Construction Decision Making Aid (ICDMA), that integrates decision-maker participation into the model development, simulation deployment, experimentation and validation phases. Effectively it separates the complexities of programming the model and the model development process, thus encouraging the participation of domain experts. We illustrate the usefulness of this platform.
Computer simulation has been widely deployed by the military for force-on-force based training but only more recently for training researchers, analysts, and war-fighters in matters of cross cultural sensitivity. This latter type of training gives the trainee a sense of “being inside” a target culture. We built the Second China Project as a hybrid immersive, knowledge-based software platform for use in cultural training. Is this training effective? More specifically, what are the effects of immersion on memory and other cognitive variables? We chose to base our research questions, not around a specific user group, but more generally around a category of training system-one involving the use of multi-user virtual environments (MUVEs). We present the architecture of an experiment designed to test whether MUVEs are effective training platforms, and to explain the process used in developing a testing environment to determine the precise nature of that effectiveness. We also discuss lessons learned from the earlier pilot study and ongoing experiment.
We present VENICE, a project that aims at developing a high-fidelity, high-performance, and highly-controllable experimental platform on commodity computing infrastructure to facilitate innovation in existing and futuristic network systems. VENICE employs a novel model-driven network emulation approach that combines simulation of large-scale network models and virtual-machine-based emulation of real distributed applications. To accurately emulate the target system and meet the computation and communication requirements of its individual elements, VENICE adopts a holistic machine and network virtualization technique, called virtual time machine, in which the time advancement of simulated and emulated components are regulated in complete transparency to the test applications. In this paper, we outline the challenges and solutions to realizing the vision of VENICE.
The initial transient is an unavoidable issue when estimating parameters of steady-state distributions. We discuss contexts and factors that affect how the initial transient is handled, provide a bibliography (from the system simulation literature), discuss criteria for evaluating initial-transient algorithms, arguing for focusing on the mean squared error (mse). We discuss the MSER statistic, showing that it is asymptotially proportional to the mse and therefore a good foundation for initial-transient algorithms. We suggest two new algorithms (MSER-LLM and MSER-LLM2) for using the MSER statistic and compare them, based on empirical results for M/M/1 and AR(1) data processes, to the original MSER algorithm (MSER-GM).
This paper presents the results of an initiative to transmit imagery content through a Link-16 tactical network using a multirresolution approach based on wavelets to compress images. Firstly, we identify the operational requirements. Secondly, we justify why JPEG2000 is our choice for coding still images. Thirdly, we propose a method to map the JPEG2000 code-stream into Link-16 free-text messages. We propose to send the most important part of the JPEG2000 compressed image in a more error resistant Link-16 packed structure and the remaining of the image in less robust data structures but at higher data rates. Finally, we present our results based on software simulations and laboratory tests with real Link-16 terminals including a comparative analysis with Link-16 enhance throughput. A configuration using two MIDS-LVTs has being set up, along with JPEG2000 coding and decoding software tools.
As the Navy requires increased data throughput via satellite communications at sea, the need for a vessel based SATCOM multi-band antenna operating at both C and Ku-bands is on the rise. The design of a compact, high performance, simultaneous C and Ku-band antenna and feed presents many technical challenges. Such challenges include mechanical packaging of the feed components with short focal length optics, broadband axial ratio that is less than 0.75 dB, and broadband high efficiency. This paper describes the design and testing of a multi-band coaxial antenna subsystem as part of the Navy Commercial Broadband Satellite Program (CBSP). The subsystem includes capability to switch among linear and circular polarization at C-band as well as adjustable linear polarization at Ku-band. Both software simulations and test data are presented for the antenna performance.
CORE (Common Open Research Emulator) is a network emulation tool that uses virtualization provided by FreeBSD jails, Linux OpenVZ containers, and Linux namespaces containers. Here the modular architecture is described that makes supporting these three platforms possible, and the relative performance of each is compared. Initial work in integrating this tool with higher-fidelity link- and physical- layer emulation is also described.
This paper discusses the application of virtual reality display of Chinese painting and calligraphy, acupuncture, Taiji Taiji pushing handsing hands and other Chinese cultural elements. Using virtual reality technology can not only demonstrate the movement details of Chinese painting and calligraphy, acupuncture, and Taiji exercises, but also involve the visitors better, allow them to consciously imitate the processes, and to experience and understand the subtlety of Chinese culture. Prior to this, the foreign and domestic audiences have mostly been exposed to Chinese culture in the visual forms. Even though there were some all-round displays, they can not possibly come to know the subtle approaches or the very fine correspondence between heart/mind and actions of the artists, performers and healers. This paper presents discussion and design of the virtual simulation system for interactive display platform of traditional Chinese culture that can be applied to exhibition halls and for education purposes.
The complete-order modelling of state-space representations of synchronous and induction generators for wind turbine applications is presented. Fully equivalent models with different state variables, suitable for different control schemes, are given. The state-space representations provide a convenient, compact and elegant way to assess the induction and synchronous generator-based wind turbines, with information readily available for stability, controllability and observability analyses. Simulation results of the featured representations are assessed. As an example, the control of a doubly-fed induction generator-based wind turbine is included.
A hybrid abstraction of a full system simulation platform can provide flexible hardware-and-software co-verification and co-simulation in early stage of system-on-a-chip development. Being a hybrid abstraction for the simulated system, it has the advantage of faster simulation speed; however, its lack of timing information and no performance-metric synchronization mechanism among the different abstraction levels of the simulation models present troubles in doing performance analysis. To facilitate performance evaluations for hybrid abstraction simulation systems, in this paper, we propose a synchronization profiler to enable cross-abstraction level performance analysis and at the same time retain the fast simulation advantage. This approach allows a design engineer to evaluate not only the interactions between an application and its accelerated hardware but also the corresponding device drivers as well as the OS kernel.
Based on the defect of reflecting the actual situation and guiding construction by network diagram in traditional network planning technique. In this paper, the network planning technique based on system simulation is proposed, the method could obtain the time-parameter of each process by system simulation. Then, the double code network diagram is obtained. The result of practical application shows that the method could better reflect the actual process and guide the construction.
In this paper, the platform is the software of the real-time scenes of driver-Vega. As an example to the campus of Huaihai Institute of Technology, this paper elaborates the method of developing a virtual simulation system based on Visual C++ and Vega API. It focuses on the optimization technology of 3d scene model data and fidelity during the construction of three-dimensional scene and the way of creating multiple environmental effects based on Vega/Lynx. And finally the system realizes interactive roaming of virtual campus and environmental effects in the Visual C++ environment .
This paper presents the investigation of a novel capacitor-charging power supply through inertial energy storage of a homopolar inductor alternator (HIA). The structure of a new 18/16-pole HIA is proposed, and we introduce the theory and advantages of HIA. The characteristics of the static magnetic field distributions are calculated by finite-element analysis, and a basic mathematic model of HIA is set up. We propose an efficient and stable capacitor-charging circuit topology to meet the requirements of this system. A functional model of the key device, namely, IGCT, is also established. Finally, we verify its feasibility and advantages through analysis of the system simulation.
Increased penetration of wind generation into high voltage transmission systems necessitates development of grid integration standards. One of them is Fault Ride-Through (FRT) or Low Voltage Ride-Through (LVRT) guidelines. Development of the voltage envelope depends on the transmission network characteristics along with considerations like contingency and protective relay settings. This paper outlines a systematic method for establishing LVRT criteria through a set of analysis involving contingency analysis, static and dynamic scenario based system simulations. Wind turbine technology is also discussed in context of development of LVRT criteria for large wind farms. The development of voltage envelope for LVRT criteria is shown through the case study for New Zealand transmission system.
This paper presents a single, scalable, unified statistical model that accurately reflects the impact of random embedded memory failures due to power management policies on the overall performance of a communication system. The proposed framework enables system designers to efficiently and accurately determine the effectiveness of novel power management techniques and algorithms that are designed to manage both hardware failure and communication channel noise, without the added cost of lengthy system simulations that are inherently limited and suffer from lack of scalability. Furthermore, the proposed framework facilitates performing both cross layer and intra layer tradeoffs where the faulty hardware can be treated as error-free hardware thus creating a much richer design space of power, performance and reliability.
Fractional frequency reuse (FFR) is an interference coordination technique well-suited to OFDMA based wireless networks wherein cells are partitioned into spatial regions with different frequency reuse factors. This work focuses on evaluating the two main types of FFR deployments: Strict FFR and Soft Frequency Reuse (SFR). Relevant metrics are discussed, including outage probability, network throughput, spectral efficiency, and average cell- edge user SINR. In addition to analytical expressions for outage probability, system simulations are used to compare Strict FFR and SFR with universal frequency reuse based on a typical OFDMA deployment and uniformly distributed users. Based on the analysis and numerical results, system design guidelines and a detailed picture of the tradeoffs associated with the FFR systems are presented, showing that Strict FFR provides the greatest overall network throughput and highest cell-edge user SINR, while SFR balances the requirements of interference reduction and resource efficiency.
We design novel mechanisms and algorithms for fast, simple, and distributed interference management and scheduling in wireless femto networks via exchange of information over-the-air (OTA). We focus on Long Term Evolution (LTE) of the 3GPP standard and on the downlink; we leverage the existing signalling in LTE and delineate additional signals that are needed. Key aspects of our work include: (1) the design is based on only one round of exchange of very few bits of information in each subframe (of 1 ms), (2) the algorithm is a heuristic derived from the maximum weight scheduling algorithm for a realistic interference model, and (3) the framework allows for easy control of fairness for best effort flows, control of delay tails for delay sensitive QoS flows, and relative prioritization between best effort and QoS flows. The performance of the mechanisms and algorithms is validated using system simulations based on 3GPP evaluation methodology.
Power-system simulator is considered an essential tool for design, operation, and control of electrical power systems. The nature of power-system enforces its simulation into sophisticated mathematical models and matrix calculations. Consequently, several research efforts were directed to develop numerical techniques that include efficient mathematical methods for various power system problems. Along with these developments, valuable research efforts are directed to developed efficient single-line diagram visualization, these efforts emphasize many beneficial software aspects such as reusability and extendibility of the developed applications. On this context, several endeavors are oriented for Web-based powersystem simulation. This paper introduces a Web-based application designed to provide flexible, reliable and extendable power system simulator topology. The developed application brings together the features of Web and desktop applications together. The proposed application deploys Microsoft's ActiveX technology using Microsoft foundation classes (MFC). The graphical user interface is implemented using HTML and Java Script which has been linked to the developed ActiveX control. The developed application presents a valuable tool for power system simulation through the WEB keeping into consideration features of the desktop applications.
This paper describes the design of a fuzzy logic controller using voltage output as feedback for significantly improving the dynamic performance of boost dc-dc converter by using MATLAB@Simulink software. The objective of this proposed methodology is to develop fuzzy logic controller on control boost dc-dc converter using MATLAB@Simulink software. The fuzzy logic controller has been implemented to the system by developing fuzzy logic control algorithm. The design and calculation of the components especially for the inductor has been done to ensure the converter operates in continuous conduction mode. The evaluation of the output has been carried out and compared by software simulation using MATLAB software between the open loop and closed loop circuit. The simulation results are shown that voltage output is able to be control in steady state condition for boost dc-dc converter by using this methodology.
The radial deformation of transformer windings can be caused by mechanical or electromechanical forces. In this paper, a new monitoring method based on Ultra Wide Band (UWB) sensors, to detect the radial deformation of winding of large power transformers, is proposed. The proposed experimental set-up for this method has been modelled using CST (Computer Simulation Technology) software. The results show that the radial deformation of windings can be detected by the on-line monitoring of UWB waves.
In this paper, real modeling using network devices and virtual modeling with the OPNET software, simulation and analysis of a typical enterprise network are conducted. On these real and virtual network models, the effects of Firewall and VPN (Virtual Private Network) on network performance are studied. Then a more complex and realistic model than the first simple OPNET model is designed, and on this second model similar analysis work is performed. What we have done different than the previous research studies in our study is constructing both a real enterprise network prototype and virtual simulation model, and comparing network models and network analysis results. The effects of Firewall and VPN on these models are investigated on both real network environment and virtual OPNET environment. Additionally, practical use of both developed real and virtual models in university education is also taken into consideration.
In the widely used OFDM (Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing) systems, the FFT and IFFT pair are integral parts used to modulate and demodulate the data constellation on the sub-carriers. Within such systems, embedded buffering memories occupy a large portion of the area and hence directly control the overall metrics of the system including power consumption and cost. This paper presents a unified statistical model that accurately reflects the impact of random embedded memory failures due to power management policies on the overall performance of an OFDM-based communication system. The proposed model expands the design space, by allowing the designer to replace the faulty hardware with perfect hardware while propagating the resulting distribution (due to voltage overscaling) through the system. The proposed framework enables system designers to efficiently and accurately determine the effectiveness of novel power management techniques and algorithms that are designed to manage both hardware failures and communication channel noise, without the added cost of lengthy system simulations that are inherently limited and suffer from lack of scalability.
Energy efficiency is increasingly important for wireless cellular systems due to the limited battery resources of mobile clients. While modern cellular standards emphasize low client battery consumption, existing techniques do not explicitly focus on reducing power that is consumed when a client is actively communicating with the network. Based on high data rate demands of modern multimedia applications, active-mode power consumption should also be an important consideration for wireless system design and standards development. Recent work in this area shows that radio resource management schemes optimizing energy efficient metrics can provide considerable reduction in client power consumption. In this paper, we evaluate the performance of such techniques using realistic cellular system simulation model. Specifically, we focus on the emerging fourth generation IEEE 802.16m standard. Our simulation results indicate that energy efficient techniques continue to provide considerable power savings, even when accounting for realistic system parameters and channel environments.
This paper shows a methodology for on-line recognition and classification of pieces in robotic assembly tasks and its application into an intelligent manufacturing cell. The performance of industrial robots working in unstructured environments can be improved using visual perception and learning techniques The object recognition is accomplished using a neuronal network with FuzzyARTMAP architecture for learning and recognition purposes, which receives a descriptor vector called CFD&POSE as the input. This vector represents an innovative methodology for classification and identification of pieces in robotic tasks, every single stage of the methodology, is described step by step and the proposed algorithms explained. The vector compresses 3D object data from assembly parts and is invariant to scale, rotation and orientation. The approach in combination with the fast learning capability of ART networks indicates the suitability for industrial robot applications as it is shown in experimental results and the possibility to add concatenated information into the descriptor vector to achieve a much more robust methodology.
Computational intelligence that utilizes adaptive fuzzy cerebellar model articulation controller (FCMAC) to aircraft automatic landing system is proposed in this paper. The proposed intelligent scheme uses CMAC and type-2 fuzzy system. Current flight control law is adopted in the controller design. Lyapunov stability theory is applied to obtain adaptive learning rule and to guarantee stability of the automatic landing system. Performance on tracking desired landing path and environment adaptive capability are demonstrated through software simulations. The proposed intelligent system can guide the aircraft to a safe landing in severe turbulence condition and act as an experienced pilot.
Virtual manufacturing technology of complex products is a complicated system engineering. This paper discusses the meaning of virtual manufacturing, analyzes its influence on manufacturing industry, researches on its system structure of complex products and introduces the development and application of virtual manufacturing technology of complex products at home and abroad. The future developing trend of virtual manufacturing technology of complex products is pointed out, which is to integrate the present modeling technology, simulation technology, information technology, advanced design and manufacturing technology, and develop a general, open, distributed, safe virtual manufacturing supporting platform which owns proprietary intellectual property rights and supports the collaborative development of the complex product in the whole life cycle and different places.
This paper describes a reconfigurable hardware implementation for wideband fractional delay FIR filters. The proposed implementation is based on a multirate Farrow structure, reducing in this way the arithmetic complexity compared to the modified Farrow structure, and allowing on line fractional delay value update. A minimax frequency optimization technique is used for computing the structure coefficients. In order to reduce the resources usage the structure filters multiplications are implemented using distribute arithmetic technique. The resulting filter implementation is tested through software simulation and hardware implementation tools. The filter performance is measured in terms of area, throughput and dynamic power consumption. Accordingly to the obtained results the described structure allows the implementation of wideband fractional delay FIR filters with online factional value update. A fine fractional delay resolution is achieved with the proposed hardware implementation.
Olfactory stimuli are represented in a highdimensional space by neural networks of the olfactory system. A great deal of research in olfaction has focused on this representation within the first processing stage, the olfactory bulb (vertebrates) or antennal lobe (insects) glomeruli. In particular the mapping of chemical stimuli onto olfactory glomeruli and the relation of this mapping to perceptual qualities have been investigated. While a number of studies have illustrated the importance of inhibitory networks within the olfactory bulb or the antennal lobe for the shaping and processing of olfactory information, it is not clear how exactly these inhibitory networks are organized to provide filtering and contrast enhancement capabilities. In this work the aim is to study the topology of the proposed networks by using software simulations and hardware implementation. While we can study the dependence of the activity on each parameter of the theoretical models with the simulations, it is important to understand whether the models can be used in robotic applications for real-time odor recognition. We present the results of a linear simulation, a spiking simulation with I&F neurons and a real-time hardware emulation using neuromorphic VLSI chips. We used an input data set of neurophysiological recordings from olfactory receptive neurons of insects, especially Drosophila.
In this paper, an efficient control system development method based on real-time virtual hardware-in-the-loop simulation is presented. Instead of developing and testing control system after physical prototype is produced, it can be conducted immediately after concept of controlled system is designed by developing a pure software real-time simulator. In this simulator, all the hardware is virtual. The appearance and operation of these virtual hardware is programmed to imitate corresponding physical prototypes so as to implement real-time virtual hardware-in-the-loop simulation. So The control software and the control logic of control system can be developed quickly. And the source code is compatible with both the simulation platform and physical platform. Moreover, It's much easier and faster to debug and test the control logic in such a way. An example of a large and high-groove density ruling engine is provided to explain detail implementation of the proposed method.
Power electronic converters have evolved rapidly, both in terms of available electronic switching devices & converter topologies. The evolutions from thyristor-based 12-pulse converters to Voltage Source Converters (VSCs) to Modular Multilevel Converters (MMCs) have placed increasingly onerous demands on simulation technology, in particular real-time digital simulators. The relatively high carrier frequencies in PWM-based converters require time-steps in the range of 10 to 50 μs, typical of what may be achieved using standard INTEL/AMD multi-core processors. Today's MMC converters add to the challenge through large number of I/Os required to monitor the voltages of a large number of cells & to individually control a very large number of IGBT switches. In this paper the evolution of modern real-time digital power-system simulator is presented - the hardware/ software challenges & solutions, leading to development of a commercially available a COTS-based simulator. Its efficacy with a simulation of an MMC-based back-to-back HVDC bipolar interconnecting two AC networks is presented. Such AC-DC-AC converter system presents challenges in terms of both the requirement of a small time step, as well as a very large number if I/O channels.
X86 emulation on heterogeneous processor platform suffers from low performance and other problems, to solve these problems, a kind of high performance IO architecture was presented. This paper describes the design and implementations in details. At last, SPEC2000 benchmark test result showed that this IO architecture's performance is higher than the software simulation technology.
Real-time collision detection is a challenging problem in large-scale virtual environments. We present a hybrid bounding volume hierarchy (HBVH) based framework aiming to reduce numerous unnecessary overlap tests in collision detection. Temporal coherence is also exploited to accelerate algorithm. Furthermore, we optimize our algorithm through SIMD (single instruction, multiple data) instruction-level parallelism. Our experiment shows that the algorithm works well for the purpose of interactive simulation of massive dynamic scenes, not only for rigid bodies, but also deformable objects.
This paper proposes a concept of logging system simulation test platform configured on FPGA, combining with interfering factors consisted of cable transmission characteristics and geological environment. After analyzing the interfering factors and discussing arithmetic models, the simulation subsystems were built and integrated to form the whole simulation test platform based on modular theory, under the Quartus II 7.2. The functional test results showed that the processing gains could reach the actual effects of logging system field test and meet the design requirements, which imply that the idea of using the simulation test platform to replace the field test is practical.
The paper studies the technologies to improve the quantum efficiency of light-emitting diodes (LEDs), and designs new LED structures from the theory and software simulation. Including new LEDs with anti-membrane and truncated-inverted-pyramid (TIP) chip. Then we try to design a new kind LEDs with the two ways together. Their relative improvements of luminous efficiency are 16.8%, 26.933%and 47.198%.These studies provide effective data and design methods to improve the efficiency of quantum LED.
This paper presents a rectenna system design using a microstrip patch array antenna and two microstrip line filters to operate at 2.41GHz. The aim of this antenna array construction is to obtain high directivity. The element of the array is the circular microstrip patch and each element is fed by inset feed. The size and feed position of the single microstrip patch is determined through the theoretical design and HFSS11 software simulation. Based on which an array of two elements with equal sizes and equal spacing is designed on a planar substrate. The two microstrip line filters are also designed using HFSS11. The simulation results in this paper can be used as design reference for the practical design of the rectenna.
This paper explores the usage of auditory icons in creating the feeling of presence of a remote person in a virtual simulation of domestic life. Auditory icons are the representation of processes or activities using everyday sounds. Presence is defined in this research as ‘the feeling of being with others’. In this research, domestic life is simulated using the game called The Sims. Participants were asked to play the game while being able to hear auditory icons that represent another player who were playing the game in a remote place. In actuality the auditory icons is just a sound loop. A presence questionnaire given to 49 users participating in 2 research trials shows that auditory icons can easily be ignored and thus do not induce a high level of social presence, but when the auditory icons are given attention to, social presence is significantly increased. The results from the trials are also discussed from the perspective of Acoustic Communication Theory, which shows that as the auditory environment becomes saturated with sound objects, people tend to be ‘distracted listeners’. At the time of writing more experiments are being done to study the effects of auditory icons on presence.
In recent years there has been significant growth in the use of virtual worlds for e-learning. These immersive environments offer the capability to create complex, highly interactive simulations. Video games have entered the mainstream as an increasingly popular entertainment format. Virtual learning environments support teaching and learning in an educational context, offering the functionality to manage the presentation, administration and assessment of coursework activities. This paper will demonstrate how immersive virtual worlds can be used for a game based strategy to teaching electronic and electrical engineering using a collaborative team based competitive format. It will describe the linking and integration of a virtual world with an existing virtual learning environment and show how this approach was extended to include external hardware. The inclusion of real test instrumentation and circuits allows the students to understand the unpredictability of physical circuit behaviour, providing a more authentic and deeper learning experience. A demonstrative example of this approach is introduced and discussed.
The large bandwidth and low power level of UWB make it vulnerable to interference. Particulary in a cell phone the interference levels are high. These high interference levels require strong interference suppression. In this paper we propose a new approach for interference suppression in UWB. This approach combines analog suppression with flexible digital suppression in a UWB receiver. To suppress strong interference, analog and digital band reject filtering is combined with tone nulling. For weak interference only tone nulling is applied. We use system simulations to maximize the interference robustness of a UWB receiver for practically relevant interference models, while minimizing the use of the band reject filters. We show that our interference suppression scheme improves the interference tolerance by at least 35 dB.
Wireless technology is the fastest growing segment of the modern communication industry. The IEEE 802.16e standard, commonly known as mobile WiMAX, is the latest wireless technology that has promised to offer Broadband Wireless Access over long distance. The concept of OFDM is used in WiMAX to obtain high data rate in addition to reducing the effects like inter symbol interference and inter channel interference. It has proved to be the air interface for next generation Broadband Wireless System. In this paper, we present a finite state machine based novel technique to model the Address Generation circuitry of WiMAX multimode interleaver using VHDL on FPGA platform with all code rates and modulation schemes of IEEE 802.16e standard. Our approach provides better performance in terms of maximum operating frequency, use of flip-flops with negligible loss in terms of logic cells utilized compared to existing FPGA based implementations. Measured circuit parameters and software simulation of this model are also provided.
In this paper qualitative analysis and controller design of a TI-SEPIC converter for optimal utilization photovoltaic power is presented. This converter is essentially combination of conventional buck and SEPIC converters sharing common components. On the account of the integration load side only one inductor is sufficient enough for performing the power conversion in both Buck and SEPIC converters. Here the function of the lower SEPIC converter is to extract maximum power from the PV and feeds into the load, while the remaining load power demand is supplied by the dc source through a voltage-mode controlled buck converter. Proposed integrated converter performance is verified through PSEVI software simulations and then verified with measurement results obtained the laboratory prototype converter system.
Researchers at The University of Iowa have encountered the need for an efficient 1-wire communication protocol for use in embedded systems and distributed wired sensors. One possible solution for this problem is the use of a Wired Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA). Although this approach has been investigated before, a key simplification can made with the use of a binary wired-OR channel. This paper develops the theory for such a protocol, including a mathematical formulation of the Bit Error Rate, and describes experiments that are being conducted to determine the validity of this approach, including a software simulation to calculate expected Bit Error Rate and prototype hardware to verify the practicality of this design.
Numerical simulation models of high pressure common rail fuel system were established, the influences of nozzle hole diameter and nozzle hole number on injection rate were studied by means of these models. The research results show that software simulation technology is an effective method for simulation calculation and optimization design for high pressure common rail fuel system(HPCRFS) and comparison between simulation data and experiment data approved the accuracy of simulation models, and the injection rate curve still increases before the end of injection when the nozzle hole diameter is bigger, this kind of injection rate accords with ideal injection law.
This paper presents an application of fuzzy controllers for improving the rapid response of wind energy captured. Because of the stochastic wind speed and uncertainty of wind power, one set of PID parameters can hardly achieve satisfactory control performance of the wind generator speed. We analyzed the relationship among the parameters of wind power generation system, and a mathematical model of it had been built. Based on the combination of PID and fuzzy control, the controller of fuzzy-PID was designed. This controller was used to change the stator voltage below rated wind speed, thus improve generator counter-torque and adjust the output power changing with wind speed quickly. Detailed simulation results have confirmed the stability of dynamic and speed response of fuzzy-PID is better than traditional PID controller, and has a satisfactory control performance.
In this paper, we describe a technique for detecting race conditions between direct memory access (DMA) operations and load/store instructions using a full system simulator. Our approach uses event monitoring features of a full system simulator to monitor DMA operations and the memory areas they access and detect conflicting accesses that could represent races conditions. Our race condition checker tracks DMA operations from the time they are issued until they are architecturally guaranteed to be complete, rather than simply tracking when they actually complete, and thus detects race conditions in programs even when the actual data accesses do not occur out of order. This feature is valuable because the mechanisms for ensuring ordering of asynchronous DMA operations are complex and often poorly understood by application programmers. These DMA operations may conflict with each other or with loads and stores performed by processor that initiated the operations, creating ample opportunity for race conditions to occur. We describe our race condition checker in detail and show how it can be used to easily detect race conditions in DMA operations initiated by special purpose cores.
Estimation of the transmitter position based on the received signal strength (RSS) appears to be an attractive approach for indoor applications. However, strong power level fluctuations within buildings decrease the accuracy and reliability considerably. In this paper we present an extensive study based on simulations by applying a distributed antenna system for localization purposes in indoor scenarios. The basic idea is to use power level detection determined from two access points attached to the cable heads of the system. This positioning approach has the advantage that only marginal additional hardware is required to implement the localization functionality. For planning purposes a complete system simulation tool has been developed to analyze the impact of different environments on the positioning accuracy. The simulation results were verified with measurements carried out with a developed antenna prototype.
The leakage attenuation makes the modelling of substrate integrated waveguides (SIWs) a complicated complex eigenproblem. The analogy to resonators opens up a new way to solve the eigenproblem from a physical point of view. A novel driven eigenproblem computation is presented in this paper to solve the eigenproblem in periodic structure like SIW by treating the structure in a unit cell with periodic boundary and applying the model with an excitation. The dispersion and attenuation behaviour of a classical rectangular waveguide are analysed first to verify the method. Then, the method is employed to two SIW structures. Good agreement can be observed among the results from the driven eigenproblem computation, the software simulations, and the measurements.
In the paper there are presented the problems of optimal control for indoor thermal comfort in buildings equipped with HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning) systems. It is very important that the design of such control systems allows to minimize the energy consumption. There are discussed the results of air-conditioning system simulation and there is given an example of simulation model of a room and mathematical model of thermal comfort. Fuzzy control algorithms and model predictive control algorithms are used in the hierarchical structure of climate comfort control system. The tuning of predictive controllers is discussed in the paper, too.
SAR system simulation for forest application has been proved as an effective tool to provide scattering models and simulated SAR data for the development of forest retrieval algorithms. With the development of high resolution synthetic aperture radar (SAR) remote sensing technology, the demands of precise and efficient simulation for large-scale forest applications become increasing. However, the time cost will be unacceptable due to the large amount of scatterers in this kind of simulation. A fast processing method based on the equivalent scattering is proposed in this paper. The received SAR signal is equivalent to that responded by a few virtual scatterers whose number is much less than the real scatterers. The positions and the scattering matrices of virtual scatterers are especially calculated by segmenting the entire forest stand into slices, blocks, and pieces at the central aperture time. The simulation results show the superiority in accuracy and efficiency of the method proposed, and the potential utilities in SAR raw data simulation for forest application.
In this paper an extension of the OFDM joint radar and communication system concept to cope in a multipath and multiuser environment is explored. A realistic multipath propagation channel model is built with an established ray-tracing algorithm and incorporated into the radar system simulation and one additional user/interferer is then introduced into the scenario for the observation of the radar's performance. From a theoretical point of view as well as from measurement results, the interferer causes a severe degradation of the radar's dynamic range, thus requiring an interference cancellation scheme to remove the traces of the interferer. Inherent to the interference cancellation scheme is the phase and frequency offset estimation algorithm for the high fidelity reconstruction of the interferer signal for subtraction from the radar signal which are explored in this paper. The result of the end-system and the improvement to the radar's dynamic range are then presented.
Data prefetching speculatively issue memory requests for data needed later by the main computation, and therefore can lead to increased stress on limited resources on chip multiprocessors. If not properly used, it can cause harmful effects such as cache pollution and waste of bandwidth. Therefore, accurate and fine grain measurement of the related runtime metrics is important as the first step in reducing harmful prefetches and increasing memory level parallelism on chip multiprocessors. However, the required measurement is prohibitively impossible on real machines without bringing nontrivial performance overhead and thus leading to inaccurate results. In this paper, we use cycle accurate full-system simulation to study the memory system performance of our previous proposed data prefetching technique with control of harmful prefetches on chip multiprocessors - software-initiated inter-core LLC prepushing. We modified the GEMS multiprocessor simulator to support trace-based measurement and offline analysis of MLP, DRAM BLP and their relationship with software-initiated intercore LLC prepushing. Results show that, prepushing can achieve speedups of 1.628, 1.019 and 1.032 in mst, em3d and 429.mcf, respectively. Average L2 MLP is increased by 26%, 0.3%and-1%, in mst, em3d and 429.mcf, respectively.
AnyLogic is a kind of excellent software of complex system simulation. It can more accurately reflect the information of real life and expand the application of complex system simulation by adding GIS map as agent's environment. But, there are some problems at present when importing GIS data to AnyLogic. Based on the analysis of differences between ordinary engineering drawing and GIS vector diagram, this paper puts forward a method to import GIS data by data conversion, and meanwhile realizes some functions of GIS in AnyLogic. Take Shijingshan District as a case, we verify the feasibility of the method and also discuss the agent settings after adding the data. This paper provides a new way for the Agent based modeling method while AnyLogic combines with GIS.
Based on virtual simulation platform, taking the virtual reality and three-dimensional simulation technique as the core technology, and using the entire digital photogrammetry, GIS, multimedia information and web network technology, this paper puts forward the technique by which we can set up a three-dimensional virtual scene of garden museums with Zhuozhengyuan virtual garden museum as an example. The results show that this virtual scene will have many advantages in terms of virtual fidelity, simulation results, running efficiency and human computer interaction. This research combines virtual reality technique with art of garden, and provides a new idea to build digital museum.
The paper is dedicated to haptic rendering of complex physics-based environment in the context of surgical simulation. A new unified formalism for modeling the mechanical interactions between medical devices and anatomical structures and for computing accurately the haptic force feedback is presented. The approach deals with the mechanical interactions using appropriate force and/or motion transmission models named compliant mechanisms. These mechanisms are formulated as a constraint-based problem that is solved in two separate threads running at different frequencies. The first thread processes the whole simulation including the soft-tissue deformations, whereas the second one only deals with computer haptics. This method builds a bridge between the so-called virtual mechanisms (that were proposed for haptic rendering of rigid bodies) and intermediate representations (used for rendering of complex simulations). With this approach, it is possible to describe the specific behavior of various medical devices while relying on a unified method for solving the mechanical interactions between deformable objects and haptic rendering. The technique is demonstrated in interactive simulation of flexible needle insertion through soft anatomical structures with force feedback.
The history and review of IMS from Japan's point of view. How did it take place. What was the achievement of IMS. Why Japan decided to end the IMS.
Given a synchronous wireless network with N nodes uniformly located at random on a finite plane, we consider the problem of distributed peer discovery: all nodes want to discover as many other nodes as possible. We assume that there are a total of K physical resources dedicated for the discovery purpose. Each node can pick one resource to transmit its node identifier on, and can receive on the remaining K-1 resources. We assume that node identifiers are broadcast via coded transmission on one single physical resource. This paper addresses link level strategies to increase the average number of discovered devices when N &#8773; aK, where a is the degree of density of the network. A classical strategy of discovering one node per resource would lead to a maximum of K-1 nodes being discovered. We focus on a multiple—access channel (MAC) scernario where multiple interferer users are jointly decoded. We propose a scheme to improve the performance. The method, based on iterative belief propagation on factor graph, is called joint iterative decoding (JID). It is shown, through system simulations, that JID may gain by significantly more than 100%over the classical single—user decoding, and by 20—25%over the successive interference cancellation (SIC).
We present a formal method to abstractively describe our system “IP-library based MEMS device visualized simulation and verification tool” and the design process of a MEMS device. As this method providing a model representation and inference rule based on mathematical logic, it ensures the system run precisely and perfectly. Then we take the Micro-pump design process as an example to show our system simulation result based on this design language.
In this paper, we propose the sharing method that shares a memory between some physical link by using the multi port memory in wormhole router for NoC(Network on Chip) as efficient usage of the flit buffers. If the proposed method is implemented by conventional method, hardware cost increase greatly. Therefore, we implement proposed method by using two methods that a memory is shared by block size and a memory is controlled by list structure. In this paper, we show the effectivity of proposed method by simple estimation of hardware cost and evaluation of communication performance by software simulation.
The problems of "electromagnet-rotor" control system design based on standard PID controller architecture and control resource estimation with respect to disturbances on rotational rotor are under consideration. Basis for building management systems have served to simplify the mathematical description and the possibility of aligning the structure of the variant with separate management for each electromagnet. Magnetically suspended rotational rotor control system simulation results present the possibility of qualitative dynamic and static characteristics accomplishment.
A semi-automated patient specific Computational Fluid Dynamics framework has been developed, with the objective to provide a valuable tool for medical diagnosis and prognosis. The framework begins from medical imaging examination data through geometry reconstruction, structured multi-block mesh generation and blood flow simulation. Each of these components is presented in this manuscript. Furthermore the utilization of the framework on two applications that are of great interest for the biomedical community, namely the abdominal aorta aneurism and the iliac bifurcation, are briefly presented.
The paper introduces the architecture of a multiagent system for environmental monitoring and analysis, and focuses on the use of collaborative intelligence between the environmental agents (the agents that monitor and analyze the evolution of specific environment pollutants concentrations in different locations) and meteorological agents (that provide information about all meteorological parameters that can influence the degree of environmental pollution: temperature, speed of wind, humidity etc). The collaboration between agents is facilitated by asynchronous messaging and a common ontology (that is shared by all agents, environmental and meteorological). Some experimental results obtained for different scenarios of the multi-agent system simulation are also discussed in this paper.
In this work a study about the performance of some metal oxide surge arrester models under lightning conditions is presented. Real data were used in electrical power system simulations. Part of the local utility system was chosen to receive the lightning discharges. Discharges with 8/20 &#956;s and 1/2 &#956;s were applied in the evaluated system. The evaluated surge arrester models presented similar results for 8/20 &#956;s discharges, once that they were fitted for this kind of transient. However, for 1/2 &#956;s discharges substantial differences were obtained, mainly, between the dynamic models and the conventional model. For this kind of discharge the dynamic models have shown plausible results.
Distributed virtual simulations deployed on shared resources can frequently undergo loss of performance due to external background load, improper placement of simulation entities, or dynamic simulation load changes. The High Level Architecture (HLA) was designed as a solution for coordinating the execution of distributed simulations. Even though this framework offers management services to organize such simulations, it does not provide mechanisms for detecting and controlling load imbalances. Several balancing approaches have been designed aiming at a generic scheme for solving load imbalance issues of distributed simulations, but these approaches are concerned with issues of specific simulation applications or are unaware of environment characteristics. To overcome such limitations, a dynamic, distributed balancing scheme has been developed. However, the scheme is not aware of federate migration latencies. Since migration latency directly influences balancing efficiency and responsiveness, a redistribution scheme is proposed to measure migration delays and use such delays in the balancing algorithm to determine load deployment changes. These delays are used in a cost function that determines the redistribution behaviour of the balancing scheme. Experiments have been performed to analyze the performance gain of the proposed scheme when migration procedures introduce costly latencies into simulations.
This paper proposes a novel single-phase Z-source inverter topology with input and output sharing the same ground. It is simple in structure and only utilizes two switches while keeping the voltage transfer ratio the same as for the full-bridge inverter. One-cycle control is adopted. Highly efficient constant-frequency control can be achieved without an accurate model of the converter. The unique feature of the proposed topology is verified by operating principle, simulation and experimental results. This topology can be used in distributed power systems where dual grounding is needed.
The investigation on the changes of Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) inside the head due to metallic straight pin with simple braces added is presented in this paper. The finite integration in time domain (FIT) computer simulation technique was used in this investigation. The head is irradiated by dipole sources in front of the Specific Anthropomorphic Mannequin (SAM) face. Parametric studies show that 1 gram SAR at 900MHz is slightly reduced. However at 1800MHz, it decreased if pin lengths were varied longer than dipole and it can increase if pin is shorter or both has the same length.
When analyzing the quality of electrical power delivered to customers many parameters are considered. However the fundamental issue is the presence of voltage and its reliability and continued presence. Power systems all over the world experience big power failures from time to time leading to a total lack of voltage over a large area - called blackouts. This paper presents an automated method for preventing such a voltage collapse. This method calculates reactive power needed to mitigate the grid and points out the weak nodes where reactive power should be injected. This method was successfully applied and tested on the Polish transmission network.
The paper aims modeling and simulating a wind turbine and its induction generator (WTIG) system as an electricity source in the power networks. System simulation has been done using the facilities offered by MATLAB/SIMULINK software. At first, equivalent models of various parts of a wind turbine generation system (WTGS) with fixed speed wind turbine (FSWT) are presented, and then an equivalent model of a wind turbine that operates in a grid connected mode is achieved by integrating these sub-models. The proposed equivalent models provide high accuracy for representing the dynamic response of wind power generation systems (WPGS) and can be used for power system simulations. Likewise, the analysis of the reactive power management of a WTGS consisting of FSWTs is carried out by using a static synchronous compensator (STATCOM). Regarding this matter, the rating calculation of the compensator for a FSWT is performed, and the effect of the network strength on the compensator rating is studied. Furthermore, the compatibility of FSWT with the mathematical models is evaluated by using simulation in MATLAB/SIMULINK environment.
For the 3GPP Long Term Evolution standard, the 3GPP have proposed a minimization of drive tests (MDT) feature to centrally collect RF environment measurements from end UE terminals and associate them with location coordinates. This article presents a novel implementation of the MDT feature, the LTE RF Performance Reporting Protocol (LRFP). LRFP utilizes RF measurements based on radio resource control protocol signaling, and location intelligence and transport of information based on the LTE Positioning Protocol Annex (LPPa), in addition to intelligent transport and storage mechanisms. In this article, we first provide a detailed overview of the proposed LRPF protocol. We then present our system simulation methodology and evaluate the impact of LRFP on the key requirements for MDT protocols, such as UE terminal power consumption and network signaling overhead, both of which show positive outcomes.
To understand the impact of increasing penetration of wind energy on power system, dynamic models of wind turbine generator are being incorporated into power system simulation software by transmission system operators. This enables them to carry out security assessment during planning and operations. Unlike synchronous machine-based generators, majority of wind generator models have not been universally standardised and validated. The performance of different wind turbine models (i.e. generic and manufacturer-specific models) under grid disturbance and their cumulative impact as seen by the transmission will need to be completely understood to enable realistic system security assessment. Comparison of these models with actual field measurements is also an attractive option for opportunistic testing. This study will examine model development and its use from the transmission system operator perspective. The generic model will then be compared with detailed individual model for actual wind farm connection studies. The measurement data based on naturally occurring power system disturbance will be used for model validation.
Due to unique security and communication channel constraints, military communication networks often must send data between serial devices at extremely low data rates. As military networks begin to migrate towards packet-based transport, data from these serial applications will need to be packetized and transferred from sender to receiver in a circuit-emulation tunnel. In addition to packetizing and serializing the data sent across the network, these circuit-emulation tunnels must also remove the jitter caused by packet-based transport. Packetizing/serializing data and removing jitter can result in a significant amount of bandwidth overhead and delay. This paper provides a brief description of various circuit-emulation technologies and a detailed analysis of the bandwidth overhead and delay due to serial-to-packet conversion. An analytical model was developed that predicts bandwidth overhead and delays resulting from the circuit-emulation tunnel as a function of the serial interface speed, packet size, jitter buffering, and control messaging. The analytical model was tested against a series of network emulation experiments using commercial circuit-to-packet devices. Results show a fundamental trade between bandwidth overhead and delay. Circuit-emulation tunnels with small packet sizes have short packetization delays and large bandwidth overhead, while tunnels with large packet sizes have long packetization delays and smaller bandwidth overhead. These trends are more pronounced at the lower data rates because it takes a longer time for the serial data to be packetized. Experimental and theoretical results presented in this paper show similar trends with slight discrepancies due to internal processing effects not included in the analytical model.
To achieve high efficiency and prevent destructive interference among multiple divergent workloads, the last-level cache of Chip Multiprocessors has to be carefully managed. Previously proposed cache management schemes suffer from inefficient cache capacity utilization, by either focusing on improving the absolute number of cache misses or by allocating cache capacity without taking into consideration the applications' memory sharing characteristics. In this work we propose a quasi-partitioning scheme for last-level caches, MCFQ, that combines the memory-level parallelism, cache friendliness and interference sensitivity of competing applications, to efficiently manage the shared cache capacity. The proposed scheme improves both system throughput and execution fairness -- outperforming previous schemes that are oblivious to applications' memory behavior. Our detailed, full-system simulations showed an average improvement of 10%in throughput and 9%in fairness over the next best scheme for a 4-core CMP system.
Testing C/C++ based high abstracted software simulation models for complex functional and timing accuracy has always been a tedious process. Typically test cases development itself takes very high amount of time as it involves in-depth study of design and manual validation of stimulus. Writing similar tests in hardware description language is easier as design itself is low abstracted and language supports required timing constructs. In software modeling world, a model is mostly at transaction level while the timing details available from documents always talk in terms of pins and signals. Mapping those to a different abstraction level demands huge efforts and requires rigorous validations. What if there is a way to do this mapping automatically? If we can convert RTL tests into a format which is understood and usable by models, that would solve this daunting problem of writing and validating test cases. This paper talks about such an approach where we leverage highly verified RTL tests written at low abstraction level, for functional and timing testing of C++ models written at much higher abstraction level. The traffic of RTL test is recorded during test run and processed to create transactions for model. This methodology provides readymade high-fidelity non-trivial stimulus for models thus utilizing the efforts spent by RTL verification teams and saving time of model tester in creating similar tests, at the same time ensuring quality delivery and promising lesser bugs reporting from end users.
Predicting the application behavior such as its resource utilization in a new hardware machine is becoming an urgent issue as the increasing number of servers with various configurations show up in data centers and clouds. Current two categories of approaches, the test bed evaluation based and the software simulation based methods, both have certain shortcomings. While the test bed evaluation based approaches suffer from the lack of measurement data to build the prediction model, the simulation based methods intrinsically introduce uncertainties and errors in the data. In order to overcome those issues, this paper proposes a new solution that combines the current two separate processes. We develop a generalized regression model with L1 penalty to predict the application behavior from software simulation. Meanwhile we also use evaluations on real hardware instances to improve the model obtained from simulation. Our model improvement is grounded on the Bayesian learning theory, which elegantly embeds outcomes from both simulation and real evaluation stages into the final prediction. Experimental results show the higher prediction accuracy of our method compared with current techniques.
In order to satisfy the development of contemporary higher education better, after analyzing different experimental methods, this paper proposes a new idea to combine real laboratory equipments and virtual simulation system for building the remote experimental platform. Therefore students are no longer limited in the visible laboratory. As a result, the experimental resources can be made used of completely, the manual management can be reduced, the application of laboratory equipments can be improved efficiently.
In this paper, a diode bridge with two power switches is adopted to achieve single phase dual output ac-dc-rectifier. The main objective is to obtain the unity power factor with less harmonic distortion. Hysteresis current controller and fuzzy logic controller (FLC) are designed and compared for the application of a single-phase dual output ac-to-dc converter. Compared with the hysteresis current control (HCC) technique; fuzzy logic gives better steady state performance such as high power factor and low harmonic distortion. Closed loop analysis with HCC and FLC is presented where the line current is driven to follow the reference sinusoidal current. The high power factor (PF) and low current total harmonic distortion are verified by software simulation.
In this paper, a novel MATLAB-implemented millimeter-wave radar system simulation tool is described, allowing simulations of a radar sensor including the electromagnetic propagation channel. A phased array module, implemented into this simulator, is introduced. A complete simulation is performed for a specific scenario employing a steerable antenna system to show its contribution to the overall performance of a 77 GHz FMCW radar sensor.
A method for the design as well as implementation of FPGA-based Direct digital synthesizer (DDS) is firstly presented in this paper. And then corresponding system simulation and experimental results are given. The DDS for generating a sinusoidal signal owns the features of simple circuit, easy to be controlled, stable performance, high frequency conversion speed and fine accuracy etc. And its output frequency falls in the range of 0Hz ~160KHz with 5 Hz of steps.
Servo punch press uses a servo motor to drive. It can set different stroke length and velocity according to different production requirements, and can always ensure the formation precision of the bottom dead center. It has the advantages of high efficiency, high precision and low noise, and it has become the development trend of punch press. The key point of the servo punch press development is its control system. This paper according to the functional requirements and technical indicators of the servo punch press to research the general approach of the servo punch press material forming control law, and its development platform is based on DSP control system. This research by means of the Simulink tool in Matlab and the Target for TI C2000 tools for system modeling and simulation, it depends on the stamping characteristics of different materials. It includes the designing of the algorithm model, the DSP controller model and the controlled object model models, and also does the system simulation analysis, in order to design a control system which has high precision, fast response, stable operation, and can meet the specific processing requirements. This approach can reduce development time, reduce development costs, and make the whole development process clear.
In order to solve the problem of extra work and low efficiency brought by resources heterogeneity in the Command Information System simulation, a design of virtual technology-based application frame is introduced. By using the new application frame, the heterogeneity of resources is effectively shield, and the efficiency of the system and the utilization rate of resources is then improved.
As ship power system continues to expand the scale, the workload of the calculation and analysis is growing. Using computer technology to create an object-oriented ship power system simulation platform will play an important role on the overall power system design and performance evaluation. In this paper, we add simulation application algorithm further based on the established graphical simulation interface, to achieve the steady-state simulation of ship power system analysis. Establish the network topology analysis module and the power flow analysis module, and combining with SQL database design the interface between with each simulation functional modules, and with the graphics system, to achieve the data transmission. Finally, an example of power flow calculation is carried out, the result shows that the simulation software runs reliable, and has the flexibility and scalability.
A design of boiler temperature monitoring system based on MCU, using the proteus software, to achieve the simulation of MCU serial ports and virtual serial ports, reach the intention of real-time data transmission. The system simulation data is real and effective and it is convenient for the users of MCU.
Due to an increasingly decentralized fashion of electricity generation from fluctuating, renewable energy sources, new control concepts have to be found to manage a multitude of distributed energy conversion plants and to minimize the amount of power reserve needed. The basic implementation of the `DEcentralized MArket Based POwer Control System' (DEMAPOS) presented in this article applies a market-based, decentralized control of generators and consumers of electrical energy. The control as well as a power system simulation needed for system testing were designed, implemented and validated. The developed, agent-based control communicates via web services with the power system simulation which relies on real-world data. Results from various test runs demonstrate the huge potential of this control strategy.
Preparing an automatic production system takes a lot of time and to be able to decrease this time virtual simulation studies are used more and more frequently. However, even if more work is performed in a virtual environment a problem is still that the same work is done more than one time in different software tools due to the lack of integration between them. The present paper presents a case study that investigates how a newly developed tool called SIMATIC Automation Designer can be used in order to close the gap between the mechanical design and the electrical design. SIMATIC Automation Designer is a Siemens software that can generate PLC code and HMI screens. The result shows that by generating PLC code and HMI screens automatically, it is possible to get the same structure and naming standard in every PLC and HMI project. This will ensure a corporate standard and will be a quality assurance of the PLC code and HMI screens.
On the basis of analyzing the composition of losses in high-efficient high-voltage asynchronous motors, the approaches of increasing the efficiency of the motors is investigated in this paper. The approaches concern with the improvement of material, winding, fan, magnetic groove and so on. By taking the economy and efficiency into account synthetically, the design of the YKK series induction motors is carried on, and it is realized by software simulation.
On the basis of the market demand, our company proposed to upgrade the power steering system of some cars, from hydraulic power steering to electric power steering (EPS). First of all, the system match of key parts was discussed. For determine of assist characteristics curve, the handling characteristics of the car were tested, and then the speed coefficient was fitted out according to the results. EPS system simulation model was established based on MATLAB/SIMULINK, the aligning and damping control strategies were formulated and the parameters were optimized. EPS controller was designed and the hardware-in-the-loop simulation test-bed based on DSPACE was built. Some tests were implemented on the bed and the results showed that the control strategies were effective and the controller can meet the requirements.
The battery energy storage system (BESS) is the current typical means of smoothing intermittent wind or solar power generation. Such BESS hybrid power systems require a suitable control strategy that can effectively regulate power output levels and battery state of charge (SOC); otherwise, a problematically large energy storage capacity is necessary. This paper presents the results of a wind/PV/BESS hybrid power system simulation analysis undertaken to improve the smoothing performance of wind and PhotoVoltaic (PV) power generation and the effectiveness of battery SOC control. A fuzzy-logic-based power smoothing method is presented for reducing output power fluctuations of wind/PV hybrid power generation systems and regulating the battery SOC under the typical conditions. The effectiveness of the proposed method was verified using MATLAB/SIMULINK software.
This paper analyzes a wide applications and problems of AC(DC) AC inverter in the drive system, design matrix converter based on vector control. The drive system uses two-stage hardware architecture, using the indirect space vector modulation algorithm (ISVM) as the matrix converter control strategies. On this basis, using Matlab / Simulink to build a system simulation model, simulation results show that the structure is reasonable, stable performance, with good input and output features, enables two-way flow of energy, easy to implement four-quadrant motor operation.
Surgical simulation requires to have an operating scenario as similar as possible to the real conditions that the surgeon is going to face. Not only visual and geometric patient properties are needed to be reproduced, but also physical and biomechanical properties are theoretically required. In this paper a physically based patient specific simulator for solid organs is described, recalling the underlying theory and providing simulation results and comparisons. The main biomechanical parameters (Young's modulus and density) have been integrated in a Mass-Spring-Damper model (MSDm) based on a tetrahedral structured network. The proposed algorithms allow the automatic setting of node mass and spring stiffness, while the damping coefficient have been modeled using the Rayleigh approach. Moreover, the method automatically detects the organ external layer, allowing the usage of both the surface and internal Young's moduli: for the capsule (or stroma) and for the internal part (or parenchyma). Finally the model can be manually tuned to represent lesions with specific biomechanical properties. The method has beed tested with various material samples. The results have shown a good visual realism ensuring the performance required by an interactive simulation.
Network management and automated configuration of large-scale networks is one of the crucial issues for Internet Service Providers (ISPs). Since wrong configurations might lead to an enormous amount of customer traffic to be lost, highly experienced network administrators are typically the ones who are trusted for the management and configuration of a running ISP network. We frame the management and experimentation of a network as a “game” for training network administrators without having to risk the network operation. The interactive environment treats the trainee network administrators as players of a game and tests them with various network failures or dynamics. To prototype the concept of “network management as a game”, we modified NS-2 to establish an interactive simulation engine and connected the modified engine to a graphical user interface for traffic animation and interactivity with the player. We present initial results from our game applied to a small set of players.
Based on basic theory and methods of fault injection, the software-based fault injection was constructed for distributed and inter-operated simulation architecture based on High Level Architecture (HLA). The fault test program of communication in train control simulation system was designed. The fault injection tools were used to control train control model. Every module in train control model should follow fault test program to operate. The failure process of train control system could be shown by simulation interface. There are three steps in fault injection. Firstly, fault test program was loaded into fault injection tools; secondly, fault injection tools distributed instructions of fault test program to every related subsystem; thirdly, every subsystem followed the steps during operation. Analysis results shows that fault injection method could be effectively applied in train control simulation system simulation based on HLA to improve reliability of simulation system.
Penghu is embarking on an ambitious plan to tackle global warming by controlling all aspects of the island's energy supply. The energy plan looks to tackle the island's dependence on fossil fuels and its carbon emissions via an increased uptake of renewable energy and low carbon usage. It will also help the island develop more and better low carbon technologies that will continue to stimulate economic growth. Among of these technologies, wind power definitely plays the most important role at Penghu Island because of its abundant wind energy resource. In the initial planning phase, additional onshore wind farms with a capacity of more than 100MW would be installed in this island. It would bring a severe challenge to the original power system. Therefore, it is necessary to perform various system simulation analyses, including the computations on steady-state power flows, fault currents, and transient stability. In this paper, the initial planning constructions on these wind farms and system simulation analysis have been performed. The results would provide significant references to the actual Penghu onshore wind farm planning.
A model is under development for the simulation of Central-European electricity market forecast for the next 5-10-15 years. Taking into account the different development scenarios and the bottle necks, we investigate the compensation flows in the coupled markets and the price trends. A large data set was collected from international forecasts. Based on these data generation capacities and prices, consumer prices, sensibilities, border crossing capacities were mapped into functions of time. The topology of the control areas of the CE region is also mapped in matrix formulation. The engine of the simulator is the Matlab environment with the optimization toolbox.
The present paper presents a methodology to include noise prediction into virtual prototyping of an electric drive using numerical simulation tools. Field based solutions using FEM and IFEM methods are used in order to simulate electromagnetic induced vibrations and radiated sound in a permanent magnetic motor. The key feature is on the work-flow methodology and the coupling mechanism between the three computational models: electromagnetics, structural dynamics and acoustics. Transient force density signals are integrated over geometric sectors and transformed to frequency domain to be used in the vibration analysis. The complete displacement filed at the machine housing in then used to calculate the radiated sound pressure in the environment and microphone locations.
In this paper, we propounded a theory of the connector and the subsection modeling. For the disadvantages of Magnetically insulated line oscillator (MILO) and antenna designed separately, we proposed a kind of system simulation method, and completed the software using PIC-FDTD algorithm. We found the phenomenon that DC power from antenna reflected into MILO, and reserched a way to reduce the impact of DC power.
Mathematical modeling and real-time system simulation for liquefied natural gas (LNG) ship steam turbine propulsion system are significant not only to development of LNG engine room simulator, system optimized control, fault diagnosis but also to increasing the economics, safety, reliability. Through the analysis of mechanism, using the method of modular modeling and lumped parameters modeling, a real-time modularized mathematical model for LNG ship steam turbine propulsion system has been developed based on the principle of fluid dynamics, heat transfer and thermo-dynamics. The steam turbine propulsion system of LNG ship built by Shanghai HuDong-Zhonghua shipyard has been taken as an example to system simulation purpose. Simulation studies were conducted and the results show that the built model has satisfied static precision and dynamic characteristics and the accuracy meets the simulation requirements. The model has been utilized in LNG Ship engine room simulation system.
In this paper we present the evolution of downlink multi-antenna techniques over different releases of E-UTRAN LTE specifications. First we walk through the design of MIMO transmission schemes, reference signals and channel state information feedback from Release 8 to the latest Release 10 of the specifications. We provide extensive system simulation results for downlink single- and multi-user MIMO, demonstrating the clear performance benefits of the advanced spatial processing techniques developed throughout the evolution of LTE, and confirming the state-of-the-art design of LTE multi-antenna techniques. Finally, we provide a glimpse to the future multi-antenna topics currently being studied in 3GPP, presenting also simulation results on the most promising candidate feature.
A compact millimeter wave radar sensor, suitable for automotive applications, is presented in this paper. The work is focused on the design of a multi-port receiver, integrated on a thin ceramic substrate. A multi-port computer model for advanced system simulations is implemented using S-parameter measurements. A test bench is built using standard laboratory equipment, a waveguide transmitter, and the prototype receiver. Simulated and experimental results show a very good relative speed and range measurement precision.
A fully differential millimeter wave frequency modulated continuous wave (FMCW) radar architecture is built up in Agilent's RF design and system simulation environment ADS<sup>&#174;</sup> to investigate the influence of RF impairments on system level on the target signal. To take also the surroundings of the automotive scenario into account a 3D ray tracing channel simulator is coupled in a Matlab<sup>&#174;</sup> co-simulation providing realistic data of the traffic situation. Therefore investigations on the performance of the radar frontend in an automotive long range radar (LRR) application are enabled, the functionality of the circuitry can be verified and components designed in the most beneficial way, so that the best performance is achieved with the available resources. For nonlinear behavior the frontend components are parameterized according to recently published values for 77GHz SiGe circuits. The functionality of the complete simulation environment is demonstrated by calculating a typical traffic situation.
NPR (noise power ratio) and EVM (error vector magnitude) measurements are used to characterize linear or nonlinear distortions and degradations in digital modulators, microwave or RF amplifiers and transmission links. These methods are also used in system simulations. Each of these methods results in an equivalent noise power that can be added to the thermal noise in the link budget in order to compute the BER (bit error rate). In this paper we examine the conditions necessary for these two measurements (or simulations) to give the same value for this equivalent noise. From this identity, it is possible to use either one or the other method with the goal to simplify simulation software or test benches particularly in the case of wide bandwidth measurements.
In recent years, due to the shrinking energy resources facing mankind, the increased demand for more energy and the protection of environment, have led to intensive search for environment-friendly ways of energy production. Special attention has been paid to renewable, alternative and waste energy sources as a possible way of electric power production in Disperse Power Plants (DPP). The research in electromechanical energy conversion systems resulted new, highly efficient and ultra high speed machines that are applicable in small scale Turbine-Generator (T-G) systems. The application of ultrahigh speed induction generators (IG) has a number of technical and economical benefits over standard SGs. Here, a controlled self-excitation method for specially designed ultrahigh speed IG used in a small scale T-G system is described and studied. It can be applied in supplying telecommunication stations and data centers in DPPs. The design and analysis of the system are relied on computer simulation techniques verified by test results.
Thus far, researchers test several heuristic in order to produce the optimal solutions of the cost function and controller parameters. In this paper, an implementation of the Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithm for the optimization of cost function and controller parameters has been discussed. To implement the ACO algorithm with a problem requires defining; cost function and the constraint. All simulation has been performed using a software program developed in the MATLAB environment. The simulation results show that ACO algorithm can be used to counterbalance the effect and improve the performance of any control system. Moreover, the proposed scheme overcomes the weaknesses of conventional fixed gain controller and improvement is accomplished in terms of settling time, oscillations and overshoot.
Industrial network, often referred to as fieldbus, becomes an indispensable component for intelligent manufacturing systems. Thus, in order to satisfy the real-time requirements of field devices such as sensros, actuators, and controllers, numerous fieldbus protocols have been developed. But, the application of fieldbus has been limited due to the high cost of hardware and the difficulty in interfacing with multi-vendor products. Recently, the EtherCAT protocol becomes a very promising alternative for real-time industrial application due to the elimination of uncertainties in Ethernet. This paper focuses on the development of the real-time EtherCAT network for multi-axis smart driver. And IEC 61800 standard is being adapted to connect with products at driver manufacturers. In addition, this paper presents performance evaluation of the synchronization on the experimental EtherCAT test-bed with 6-axis smart driver and data mapping using IEC 61800 power driver system standard.
In wireless body sensor networks, sensors may be installed on various body limbs to wirelessly collect body information for homecare services. The orientations and accelerations on each limb are different for various motion states. For example, each limb has different acceleration when walking versus running, and orientation when standing versus lying. According to the above information, the body motion state may be decided. Furthermore, each person has unique body characteristics such as height, foot pitch, and motion habit to effect the body reconstruction. Therefore, it is a challenging issue how to present human motions through 3D skeleton system simulation, and achieve an adaptive reconstruction of human motion on wireless body sensor networks according to the different body characteristics of each person. In this study, we proposed a novel scheme to utilize multiple triple axis accelerometer and gyroscopes to measure limb accelerations, then calculated the locations of limbs and try to employ kinematic theory to reconstruct human body skeleton, called 3D Adaptive human Motion Reconstruction (AMR). And we applied Body Correction Algorithm (BCA) to correct human body characteristics and filtered the error of transmission noise. This system was tested and validated with success.
This paper presents comparative performance between Fuzzy Logic controller (FLC) and Proportional Integral Derivative controller (PIDC) on DC/DC Buck-Boost Converter. The evaluation of the output has been carried out and compared by software simulation using Matlab/Simulink. The controllers performance are compared based on dynamic respond of the controllers in term of rise time, settling time, overshoot, peak time and voltage deviations. DC/DC Buck-Boost Converter in this study is operated in Buck (step-down) and Boost (step-up) modes.
It's well-known that dead reckoning algorithm (DR algorithm) used in distributed interactive simulation (DIS) can effectively reduce the amount of communication and its synchronization accuracy is acceptable commonly. But in the scenario-based interactive simulation applications, when DR algorithm is used alone the state of nodes are still likely to be inconsistent because of network delay and user interaction. And that would lead to some conflicts in the state of key events and scenes. A new practical method is proposed to solve this problem by using the adaptive state update strategy in sensitive region. The state update frequency can be adaptively adjusted according to the congestion state of the network. The distributed interactive simulation for explosive disposal training is conducted to test our method. Experimental results show that it can effectively maintain the real-time state synchronization.
To compress research and development (R&D) cycle times of high-tech mechatronic products with conformance performance metrics, managing R&D projects to allow engineers from electrical, mechanical, and manufacturing disciplines receive real-time design feedback and assessment are essential. In this paper, we propose a systems design procedure to integrate mechanical design, structure prototyping, and servo evaluation through careful comprehension of the servo-mechanical-prototype production cycle commonly employed in mechatronic industries. Our approach focuses on the Modal Parametric Identification of key feedback parameters for fast exchange of design specifications and information. This enables efficient conduct of product design evaluations, and supports schedule compression of the R&D project life cycle in the highly competitive consumer electronics industry. Using the commercial hard disk drive as a case example, we demonstrate how our approach allow inter-disciplinary specifications to be communicated among engineers from different backgrounds to speed up the R&D process for the next generation of intelligent manufacturing. This provides the management of technology team with powerful decision-making tools for project strategy formulation, and improvements in project outcome are potentially massive because of the low costs of change.
This paper presents the design of a hardware simulator of biological processes described by chemical-kinetic equations. The simulator is made up of processing elements that use floating point arithmetic and a pipeline architecture. Due to its compact design, several processing elements can be synthesized into a single FPGA to create a multiprocessing architecture allowing the parallel simulation of several biological processes that are executed simultaneously, and thus, reducing the execution time with respect to software simulations. The design was verified simulating two models: yeast glycolytic oscillations and induced glycolytic oscillations between two cells. The obtained results prove that the architecture designed is suitable to simulate complex biological processes in lower times than in software simulations.
Two effective control strategies were described in this paper respectively when the microgrid (MG) operated in grid-connected mode or islanded mode. For islanded operation mode, a novel cooperative control strategy of energy storage system and microsources (MSs) was proposed in details. The proposed control strategy improved the shared power requirements among the DG units, power and restore frequency balance and the dynamic response when the MSs generation or power demand of local loads changed. A MG system simulation platform is formed by two 3kVA parallel connected PV inverters and a battery energy storage system. Simulation platform adopted multi-master structure for improving reliability of the MG is established in Matlab/Simulink. Simulation results verified the feasibility of the proposed approach.
Power Hardware-in-the-Loop (PHIL) simulations are suited for electric component tests and electric tests of hardware interacting with complex systems that are simulated. PHIL simulations combine the advantages of a pure software simulation and a hardware system test. At the present time, PHIL simulations unfortunately are not “plug and play”, some important considerations have to be made before a PHIL experiment can be is carried out in a laboratory. This contribution focuses on an improvement on how the hardware part of a PHIL simulation is coupled with the real time computing system by introducing an additional current filter in the feedback path. The filter drastically improves the stability margin of the simulation setup. This method is applied to a use case involving a photovoltaic inverter connected to a low voltage grid with a linear and a nonlinear load. The low voltage grid and the loads are simulated and the photovoltaic inverter connected as real hardware to the simulation environment. The PHIL simulation would not run stably without the introduced feedback filter. With feedback current filtering the PHIL experiment can be stabilized and an insight in the interaction of the nonlinear load and the photovoltaic inverter can be gained. The feedback filter has to be parameterized appropriately; it is a compromise between stability margin and accuracy of the PHIL setup.
Globally, priority for technology solutions is towards launching strategic cost restructuring in sourcing, processes and infrastructure. Banking and retail business drivers are explored in context of a maturity model to better understand future needs. Cost reduction and richer user experiences are identified as the primary objectives for banking and retail. Simulation and augmentation of business infrastructure can reduce cost and launch innovative solutions to market that would ease the challenge of servicing the millennial population. The study proposes a logical solution to create futuristic organizations by integrating virtual simulation, augmented interfaces and IT systems to meet the emerging challenges in retail and banking.
This paper concerns physical model of interdigitated sensor in the frequency range 10<sup>2</sup>-10<sup>7</sup> Hz. A theoretical approach is proposed to optimize the use of the sensor for bioimpedance spectroscopy. CoventorWare<sup>&#174;</sup> software was used to modelize in three dimensions the interdigital sensor system for measuring electrical impedance of biological medium. Complete system simulation by Finite element method (FEM) was used for sensor sensitivity optimization. The influence of geometrical parameters (number of fingers, width of the electrodes), on the impedance spectroscopy of biological medium was studied.
Fiber-optic intubation is an emergency procedure that can be performed to intubate a patient when the patient has serious difficulty in breathing normally. The existing simulators for fiber-optic intubation procedure provide haptic feedback to the user when there is a contact with the vocal cord section, but they do not capture the grazing effect of the endoscope along the inner walls of the airway. The grazing on the inner walls of the airway, if not well controlled, could lead to unnecessary trauma for the patient. Hence, there is a need to provide this force feedback in a fiber-optic intubation simulator. We have built a fiber-optic intubation simulator with force feedback. This system is composed of a software simulation coupled with a physics-based simulation that enhances the visual experience. The software simulation is connected to a haptic feedback device. The device provides force feedback when contact is made with any section of the airway. The force feedback varies based on the position of contact and intensity of contact. We use a proportional and derivative (PD) controller to obtain force feedback at the vocal cord section and a variable magnetic field to capture the grazing effect of the endoscope along the inner walls of the airway. The movements of the endoscope are captured using rotary encoders (that read the insertion and the tip bend) and a compass module (that reads the twist angle of the endoscope along the long axis). These movements are used to navigate the virtual airway using a virtual endoscope. When collisions are encountered, the physics library evaluates the position of contact and the force with which contact is made. Force feedback is generated due to the interaction of the solenoids with the permanent magnets at the tip of the endoscope. This information helps the software to actuate the right combination of solenoids. The simulator will help to train all aspects of fiber-optic intubation, namely 1) developing the necessary psychomo- - tor skills to successfully navigate the airway with minimal or no damage to the airway or vocal cords; and 2) cognitive skills to perform the procedure fast and effectively.
This work in progress examines cognitive scaffolding in the instructional design of contemporary computer documentation. It illustrates how the cognitive theories of advance organizers, load theory, and normal ordering may be applied to educational technology and classroom instruction to create more effective computer documentation. I will research the macrostructures common in contemporary computer documentation; note how electronic instructional materials - in particular, electronic instructional materials such as online help systems, software demonstrations, and interactive simulations - have changed discourse processing; and explore how most effectively to present instructional information with the advent of electronic instructional materials using rich media technology.
The paper presents designs of two oscillators, both with a buffer amplifier and a bandpass filter: one with a voltage controlled oscillator and a wide-band filter, and one with fixed frequency oscillator and a narrow-band filter. The work includes the results obtained by software simulations, the assembly of individual parts, and measurements of the complete circuit.
There is substantial and growing motivation to deploy wireless relays in 3G+ and 4G networks both in residential and commercial contexts to achieve significant coverage extension and capacity increases at potentially relatively low cost. However, relays operating in shared spectrum may introduce interference thus potentially counterbalancing gains, and conversely, relays requiring a dedicated resource (for access or backhaul) may raise issues of efficiency and load balancing including under or over use of either relay or macro (base station) resources. In this paper, we consider these issues and propose new power control and mobility algorithms to overcome these challenges. Results of our detailed system simulations are presented demonstrating how substantial gains in user experience, capacity, and coverage extension may be obtained in the context of HSPA+.
In this paper we investigate the feasibility of wireless broadband delivery using an "inside-out" community network architecture, where residential broadband customers share a portion of their home access point bandwidth for outdoor public use. We use system simulation studies performed for real-life BT FON service scenarios in the UK to investigate the feasibility of a blanket wireless broadband coverage provision in various residential environments using this architecture. It is found that due to interference effects it is in principle not possible to achieve blanket coverage using WiFi access points operating in the 2.4 GHz band, even when there is 100%penetration of access point. Switching to the 5.GHz mitigates interference but does not achieve blanket coverage due to range limitation of this spectral band. Using realistic estimates of TVWS availability in the UK obtained using a geolocation database; we show that by enabling community access point to operate in TV White Spaces, ubiquitous coverage could be achieved in urban environments with less than 20%penetration of access points. Our finding indicates that, at least for data traffic, community networks operating in TV White Space spectrum are a viable and significantly less expensive alternative to the cellular operators' next generation network. Our study also points out to a greater need for interference management techniques in TVWS networks than WiFi networks due to increased RF coverage in TV bands.
Small cells are regarded as a promising solution to achieve green communication and deal with the coverage holes within macrocells. However, close subscriber group femtocells with universal frequency reuse introduce strong cross-tier interference in both uplink and downlink and thus reducing the overall system capacity. Conventional LTE-A macrocells only apply power control in uplink while LTE-A femtocells need both downlink and uplink power control schemes to effectively deal with the new cross-tier interference scenarios. In this paper, location based autonomous downlink power setting and uplink fraction power control schemes are proposed specifically for femtocells in order to mitigate the cross-tier interference. It is demonstrated with extensive system simulations that the proposed power control schemes can significantly improve the Macro-UE outage probability in downlink and assure the Femto-UEs with increased capacity in uplink.
A new direction in short-range wireless applications has appeared in the form of high-speed data communication devices for distances of a few meters. Behind these embedded applications, a complex Hardware/Software architecture is built. Dependability is one of the major challenges in these systems. Obviously in such systems, the attribute reliability has to be investigated for various components and at different abstractions levels. This paper presents a hardware platform for wireless system dependability analysis as an alternative for the time consuming global system simulation technique. The platform is built using several instances of one of the commercial FPGA platforms available on the market place. Based on this platform we introduce a new methodology and a flow to investigate the different parts of system dependability at different abstraction levels. The benefits to use the proposed methodology are two fold: first it takes care of the whole system (HW/SW part, mixed RF and wireless part) and second, the hardware platform enables to explore the application's reliability under real environmental conditions in order to study the effect of the environment threats on the system.
Nowadays the electricity energy consumption is rapidly increasing. Along with the growing load demand, the components used in energy systems should be safe, have a long-life and have high quality to ensure energy continuity. The high voltage underground cables (HVUC) that widely used in power systems should be designed for certain criteria. Thus, care must be taken in the design and production of HVUC. For this reason, energy transmission cables should also be safety, long life, high quality, etc. In this study, electric field analysis of a HVUC is carried out. By using Finite Element Method (FEM), an electric field analysis of a 500 kV HVUC is achieved for axial conductor and eccentric axial conductor. In the system simulation, Finite Element Method Magnetics (FEMM) packed software is used.
Time-domain scheduling simulation is the most effective tool for predicting the operational costs in wind-integrated power systems, because it can represent the inter-temporal constraints that limit the balancing actions of the thermal plant, storage, and demand-side measures. High wind penetrations demand just-in-time commitment decisions that reflect the uncertainties in the wind infeed, so that it is desirable to generate the scheduling decisions using stochastic unit commitment (SUC) with rolling planning. However, the computational burden can make such methods impractical in long simulations. We present an efficient formulation of the SUC problem that is designed for use in scheduling simulations of single-bus power systems. Unlike traditional SUC techniques, the proposed formulation uses a quantile-based scenario tree structure that avoids the need for exogenous operating reserves. We compare the performance of various tree topologies in year-long simulations of a large system. Simple quantile-based trees give statistically significant cost improvements over fixed-quantile deterministic methods and compare favorably with trees based on Monte Carlo-generated scenarios.
This paper presents a new closed-loop control strategy applied to half-bridge high power LLC Resonant Converter applicable in DC-DC applications and can be applied for other applications also. A new control circuit is designed and implemented for the high power LLC converter. A closed-loop variable frequency control through VCO is analyzed through PI Controller. Due to Zero Voltage Switching (ZVS) technique the turn-on losses of both the switches (IGBTs) in half-bridge are reduced and ZVS can be achieved for the entire control range in close-loop. Validity of PI controller and control circuit in closed-loop are verified with software simulation results for wide input and load range. A hardware prototype rated at 2.1 kW has been built with DSP TMS320F2811 and hardware results are presented to verify the control strategy. Practical results with DC-DC converter match with the simulated results and performance of control circuit is verified and tested practically with input voltage variations and load changes at different references.
In this paper, a new technology is presented for nonlinear wind farm modeling. First, a nonlinear state space model for wind turbines in the wind farm is presented. The effects of the wind wake on a particular turbine due to interactions with other turbines in a wind farm is studied. These effects are evaluated in a specific wind farm configuration to determine the effective wind speed at each turbine in the wind farm. The effective wind farm model is formulated for such effective wind speed at each turbine in the wind farm.
Interference and diffraction of light are elementary topics in optics. The aim of the work presented here is to develop an accurate and cheap optical-system simulation software that provides a virtual laboratory for studying the effects of propagation in both time and space for the near- and far-field regions. In laboratory sessions, this software can let optical engineering undergraduates simulate many optical systems based on thin slits. The numerical method used is the finite-difference time-domain (FDTD) method that has been successfully applied in many engineering fields. Using this numerical method, the irradiance distribution can be successfully evaluated in different planes far from the simulation grid without degrading performance. In addition, an easy-to-use MATLAB GUI handles all the parameters of the FDTD simulation and computes theoretical values of irradiance for both the Fresnel and Fraunhofer regions. Therefore, by using this software, the student is able to analyze the behavior of the Fresnel and Fraunhofer expressions as a function of the distance. This distance is defined as the space between the slits plane and the plane that contains the virtual screen on which the irradiance pattern is represented.
The DSSC (DEPFET Sensor with Signal Compression) is a new instrument with non-linear compression of the input signal in the sensor and with parallel signal processing (filtering, linear amplification, and digitization) for all pixels. The design goal is to achieve at the same time single photon detection and high dynamic range, both for photon energies down to 0.5 keV and read-out speeds up to 4.5 MHz. Realization of this goal requires an accurate calibration of the non-linear system gain (NLSG), i.e. of the non-linear dependence of the digital DSSC output signal on the input signal charge generated by incident photons, over the full dynamic range of the detector. We present an overview of our basic strategy for calibrating the NLSG. The feasibility of our calibration strategy is demonstrated using our system simulation package, which is briefly described. Finally, we demonstrate the DSSC capabilities by simulating the measurement of a T4 virus diffraction image as recorded at the Linac Coherent Light Source.
This article describes the design of an individual-based simulation engine that can harness the full potential of modern general-purpose multicore and multiprocessor computers. This design aims to enable interactive simulations of highly dynamic multiagent systems in which entities can move, change, appear, disappear, and interact with one another and the user at any time.
How to model the power amplifier behavior accurately is the key to system-level simulation. BP neural network can be used to simulate random nonlinear system, but it easily falls into the local minimum points and has no enough precision. So, this article proposes two improved model based on BP neural network model, one is cascading model BP-RBF, and the other is PSO_BP neural network. Design amplifier circuit in ADS2009 utilizing the freescale semiconductor chip MRF6S21140, and then extract voltage data as the simulation data. Carry on the MATLAB fitting simulation by BP, BP-RBF as well as PSO_BP, compared with voltage RMS error (RMSE), epochs and convergence time. Eventually, the results show that the improved algorithm BP-RBF, PSO_BP models have better fitting function than BP model, and fit the characteristics of power amplifier accurately, then have the important application value to construct system simulation.
There is a certain relationship between the system noise figure and each channel noise figure of the multi-channel phased array receiver. In this paper, theoretical derivation is proposed to find the relationship between the system noise figure and each channel noise figure based on the theory of noise figure and Y-factor measurements. Then with ADS software simulation, simulation model is built and results verify the correctness of the formula. Finally, a 9 channels phased array receiver is used to test the system noise figure and the channel noise figure. Test results demonstrate that theoretical formula corresponds to the practical relationship between system noise figure and channel noise figure.
Early detection and rapid response to infectious-disease outbreaks rely on effective decision making based on information from disparate sources. To improve decision-making in outbreak detection and response, it's important to understand how public health practitioners seek relevant information. Epinome, a user-centric visual-analytics system, supports research on decision-making in public health, particularly evaluation of information search strategies. Epinome facilitates investigation of scripted high-fidelity large-scale simulated disease outbreaks. Its dynamic environment seamlessly evolves and adapts as the user's tasks and focus change. This video shows how the Epinome system facilitates interactive simulations of disease outbreaks.
With the advances of power electronic technology, direct-driven permanent magnet synchronous generators (PMSGs) have increasingly drawn the interest of wind turbine manufacturers. At the present time, a commercial PMSG wind turbine primarily makes use of a passive rectifier followed by an insulated gate bipolar transistor (IGBT) inverter. Although a PMSG wind turbine with two back-to-back voltage source IGBT converters is considered more efficient, it has not been widely adopted by the wind power industry. This paper investigates both the conventional and a novel vector control mechanism for a PMSG wind turbine that has two side-by-side voltage source pulsewidth modulation converters. The proposed approach is based on a direct-current vector control mechanism for control of both machine- and grid-side converters of a PMSG wind turbine. Then, an optimal control strategy is developed for integrated control of PMSG maximum power extraction, reactive power, and grid voltage support controls. A transient system simulation using SimPowerSystem is built to investigate the performance of the conventional and proposed control techniques for the PMSG wind turbine under steady and gusty wind conditions. This paper shows that when using the direct-current vector control structure, a PMSG system has excellent performance in various aspects.
Power Hardware-in-the-Loop (PHIL) simulations are suited for electric component tests and electric tests of hardware interacting with complex systems that are simulated. PHIL simulations combine the advantages of a pure software simulation and a hardware system test. At the present time, PHIL simulations unfortunately are not &#x201C;plug and play&#x201D;, some important considerations have to be made before a PHIL experiment can be is carried out in a laboratory. This contribution focuses on an improvement on how the hardware part of a PHIL simulation is coupled with the real time computing system by introducing an additional current filter in the feedback path. The filter drastically improves the stability margin of the simulation setup. This method is applied to a use case involving a photovoltaic inverter connected to a low voltage grid with a linear and a nonlinear load. The low voltage grid and the loads are simulated and the photovoltaic inverter connected as real hardware to the simulation environment. The PHIL simulation would not run stably without the introduced feedback filter. With feedback current filtering the PHIL experiment can be stabilized and an insight in the interaction of the nonlinear load and the photovoltaic inverter can be gained. The feedback filter has to be parameterized appropriately; it is a compromise between stability margin and accuracy of the PHIL setup.
Predicting the application behavior such as its resource utilization in a new hardware machine is becoming an urgent issue as the increasing number of servers with various configurations show up in data centers and clouds. Current two categories of approaches, the test bed evaluation based and the software simulation based methods, both have certain shortcomings. While the test bed evaluation based approaches suffer from the lack of measurement data to build the prediction model, the simulation based methods intrinsically introduce uncertainties and errors in the data. In order to overcome those issues, this paper proposes a new solution that combines the current two separate processes. We develop a generalized regression model with L1 penalty to predict the application behavior from software simulation. Meanwhile we also use evaluations on real hardware instances to improve the model obtained from simulation. Our model improvement is grounded on the Bayesian learning theory, which elegantly embeds outcomes from both simulation and real evaluation stages into the final prediction. Experimental results show the higher prediction accuracy of our method compared with current techniques.
Two effective control strategies were described in this paper respectively when the microgrid (MG) operated in grid-connected mode or islanded mode. For islanded operation mode, a novel cooperative control strategy of energy storage system and microsources (MSs) was proposed in details. The proposed control strategy improved the shared power requirements among the DG units, power and restore frequency balance and the dynamic response when the MSs generation or power demand of local loads changed. A MG system simulation platform is formed by two 3kVA parallel connected PV inverters and a battery energy storage system. Simulation platform adopted multi-master structure for improving reliability of the MG is established in Matlab/Simulink. Simulation results verified the feasibility of the proposed approach.
Globally, priority for technology solutions is towards launching strategic cost restructuring in sourcing, processes and infrastructure. Banking and retail business drivers are explored in context of a maturity model to better understand future needs. Cost reduction and richer user experiences are identified as the primary objectives for banking and retail. Simulation and augmentation of business infrastructure can reduce cost and launch innovative solutions to market that would ease the challenge of servicing the millennial population. The study proposes a logical solution to create futuristic organizations by integrating virtual simulation, augmented interfaces and IT systems to meet the emerging challenges in retail and banking.
Due to unique security and communication channel constraints, military communication networks often must send data between serial devices at extremely low data rates. As military networks begin to migrate towards packet-based transport, data from these serial applications will need to be packetized and transferred from sender to receiver in a circuit-emulation tunnel. In addition to packetizing and serializing the data sent across the network, these circuit-emulation tunnels must also remove the jitter caused by packet-based transport. Packetizing/serializing data and removing jitter can result in a significant amount of bandwidth overhead and delay. This paper provides a brief description of various circuit-emulation technologies and a detailed analysis of the bandwidth overhead and delay due to serial-to-packet conversion. An analytical model was developed that predicts bandwidth overhead and delays resulting from the circuit-emulation tunnel as a function of the serial interface speed, packet size, jitter buffering, and control messaging. The analytical model was tested against a series of network emulation experiments using commercial circuit-to-packet devices. Results show a fundamental trade between bandwidth overhead and delay. Circuit-emulation tunnels with small packet sizes have short packetization delays and large bandwidth overhead, while tunnels with large packet sizes have long packetization delays and smaller bandwidth overhead. These trends are more pronounced at the lower data rates because it takes a longer time for the serial data to be packetized. Experimental and theoretical results presented in this paper show similar trends with slight discrepancies due to internal processing effects not included in the analytical model.
The paper aims modeling and simulating a wind turbine and its induction generator (WTIG) system as an electricity source in the power networks. System simulation has been done using the facilities offered by MATLAB/SIMULINK software. At first, equivalent models of various parts of a wind turbine generation system (WTGS) with fixed speed wind turbine (FSWT) are presented, and then an equivalent model of a wind turbine that operates in a grid connected mode is achieved by integrating these sub-models. The proposed equivalent models provide high accuracy for representing the dynamic response of wind power generation systems (WPGS) and can be used for power system simulations. Likewise, the analysis of the reactive power management of a WTGS consisting of FSWTs is carried out by using a static synchronous compensator (STATCOM). Regarding this matter, the rating calculation of the compensator for a FSWT is performed, and the effect of the network strength on the compensator rating is studied. Furthermore, the compatibility of FSWT with the mathematical models is evaluated by using simulation in MATLAB/SIMULINK environment.
In this paper, a diode bridge with two power switches is adopted to achieve single phase dual output ac-dc-rectifier. The main objective is to obtain the unity power factor with less harmonic distortion. Hysteresis current controller and fuzzy logic controller (FLC) are designed and compared for the application of a single-phase dual output ac-to-dc converter. Compared with the hysteresis current control (HCC) technique; fuzzy logic gives better steady state performance such as high power factor and low harmonic distortion. Closed loop analysis with HCC and FLC is presented where the line current is driven to follow the reference sinusoidal current. The high power factor (PF) and low current total harmonic distortion are verified by software simulation.
In order to satisfy the development of contemporary higher education better, after analyzing different experimental methods, this paper proposes a new idea to combine real laboratory equipments and virtual simulation system for building the remote experimental platform. Therefore students are no longer limited in the visible laboratory. As a result, the experimental resources can be made used of completely, the manual management can be reduced, the application of laboratory equipments can be improved efficiently.
A new direction in short-range wireless applications has appeared in the form of high-speed data communication devices for distances of a few meters. Behind these embedded applications, a complex Hardware/Software architecture is built. Dependability is one of the major challenges in these systems. Obviously in such systems, the attribute reliability has to be investigated for various components and at different abstractions levels. This paper presents a hardware platform for wireless system dependability analysis as an alternative for the time consuming global system simulation technique. The platform is built using several instances of one of the commercial FPGA platforms available on the market place. Based on this platform we introduce a new methodology and a flow to investigate the different parts of system dependability at different abstraction levels. The benefits to use the proposed methodology are two fold: first it takes care of the whole system (HW/SW part, mixed RF and wireless part) and second, the hardware platform enables to explore the application's reliability under real environmental conditions in order to study the effect of the environment threats on the system.
There is substantial and growing motivation to deploy wireless relays in 3G+ and 4G networks both in residential and commercial contexts to achieve significant coverage extension and capacity increases at potentially relatively low cost. However, relays operating in shared spectrum may introduce interference thus potentially counterbalancing gains, and conversely, relays requiring a dedicated resource (for access or backhaul) may raise issues of efficiency and load balancing including under or over use of either relay or macro (base station) resources. In this paper, we consider these issues and propose new power control and mobility algorithms to overcome these challenges. Results of our detailed system simulations are presented demonstrating how substantial gains in user experience, capacity, and coverage extension may be obtained in the context of HSPA+.
The large bandwidth and low power level of ultra- wide-band make it susceptible to interference. Especially in a cell phone the interference levels are very high. Therefore cell phone integration of UWB receivers requires strong interference suppression. In this paper we use realistic models of interferers present in a cell phone. These models are used to derive the required detection time to reliably estimate the interference power. The needed detection time is found in unused medium access slots. A novel combined analog and digital suppression approach is used for interference suppression, only the combination provides sufficient suppression. We use system simulations to optimize the performance of the interference detector and to show that the interference tolerance can be improved by 36 dB.
In this paper we investigate the feasibility of wireless broadband delivery using an "inside-out" community network architecture, where residential broadband customers share a portion of their home access point bandwidth for outdoor public use. We use system simulation studies performed for real-life BT FON service scenarios in the UK to investigate the feasibility of a blanket wireless broadband coverage provision in various residential environments using this architecture. It is found that due to interference effects it is in principle not possible to achieve blanket coverage using WiFi access points operating in the 2.4 GHz band, even when there is 100%penetration of access point. Switching to the 5.GHz mitigates interference but does not achieve blanket coverage due to range limitation of this spectral band. Using realistic estimates of TVWS availability in the UK obtained using a geolocation database; we show that by enabling community access point to operate in TV White Spaces, ubiquitous coverage could be achieved in urban environments with less than 20%penetration of access points. Our finding indicates that, at least for data traffic, community networks operating in TV White Space spectrum are a viable and significantly less expensive alternative to the cellular operators' next generation network. Our study also points out to a greater need for interference management techniques in TVWS networks than WiFi networks due to increased RF coverage in TV bands.
Small cells are regarded as a promising solution to achieve green communication and deal with the coverage holes within macrocells. However, close subscriber group femtocells with universal frequency reuse introduce strong cross-tier interference in both uplink and downlink and thus reducing the overall system capacity. Conventional LTE-A macrocells only apply power control in uplink while LTE-A femtocells need both downlink and uplink power control schemes to effectively deal with the new cross-tier interference scenarios. In this paper, location based autonomous downlink power setting and uplink fraction power control schemes are proposed specifically for femtocells in order to mitigate the cross-tier interference. It is demonstrated with extensive system simulations that the proposed power control schemes can significantly improve the Macro-UE outage probability in downlink and assure the Femto-UEs with increased capacity in uplink.
In order to reduce accidents in nuclear power plant, simulation for operator training and system validation precommission is very important. The application of Foxboro I/A control system in nuclear power plant leads to the development of its virtual simulation software. In this paper, a reasonable structure of its virtual software is established. Real-time server software VCP and human-machine interface VWP form the two parts of the virtual simulation software. The VCP is built by VC6.0++; the VWP page is embedded by ActiveX dynamic OCX and browsed by IE. The Virtual simulation software for Foxboro I/A control system is crucial to security and economy of nuclear power plant in present and in the future.
An adaptive full-order flux observer for induction motor is established, and a pole configuration method of the observer proposed. The adaptive ability of system is greatly improved by using Lyapunov stability theory to on-line identify the motor parameters, and combining SVPWM with DTC technology. Simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness of the adaptive full-order flux observer, and prove the robustness of the system to motor parameters variation.
Hydrocarbon detection in Sea Bed Logging (SBL) is a very challenging task for deep target reservoir. Response of electromagnetic (EM) field from marine environment is very low and it is very difficult to predict deep target reservoir below 2500m from the sea floor. Straight and new EM antennas at 0.125Hz frequency are used for the detection of deep target hydrocarbon reservoir. The proposed area of the seabed model (16km&#x00D7;16km) was simulated by using CST (computer simulation technology) EM studio based on Finite Integration Method (FIM). Comparison of straight and new antenna for different target depths was done in our proposed model. Total electric and magnetic fields were applied instead of scattered electric and magnetic fields, due to its accurate and precise measurements of resistivity contrast. From the results, it was observed that straight antenna at 0.125Hz shows 40.30%resistivity contrast at target depth of 1000m where as new antenna showed 304%resistivity contrast at the same target depth for E field. It was found that E field response decreased as the target depth increased gradually by 500m from 1000m to 2500m at different target depths with constant current (1250A). It was also investigated that at frequency of 0.125Hz, new antenna gave 54%better delineation of hydrocarbon at 3000m target depth. This is due to focusing of electromagnetic waves by using new antenna. This EM antenna may open new frontiers for oil and gas industry for the detection of deep target hydrocarbon reservoir below the seafloor.
This paper concerns physical model of interdigitated sensor in the frequency range 10<sup>2</sup>-10<sup>7</sup> Hz. A theoretical approach is proposed to optimize the use of the sensor for bioimpedance spectroscopy. CoventorWare<sup>&#x00AE;</sup> software was used to modelize in three dimensions the interdigital sensor system for measuring electrical impedance of biological medium. Complete system simulation by Finite element method (FEM) was used for sensor sensitivity optimization. The influence of geometrical parameters (number of fingers, width of the electrodes), on the impedance spectroscopy of biological medium was studied.
Nowadays the electricity energy consumption is rapidly increasing. Along with the growing load demand, the components used in energy systems should be safe, have a long-life and have high quality to ensure energy continuity. The high voltage underground cables (HVUC) that widely used in power systems should be designed for certain criteria. Thus, care must be taken in the design and production of HVUC. For this reason, energy transmission cables should also be safety, long life, high quality, etc. In this study, electric field analysis of a HVUC is carried out. By using Finite Element Method (FEM), an electric field analysis of a 500 kV HVUC is achieved for axial conductor and eccentric axial conductor. In the system simulation, Finite Element Method Magnetics (FEMM) packed software is used.
This work in progress examines cognitive scaffolding in the instructional design of contemporary computer documentation. It illustrates how the cognitive theories of advance organizers, load theory, and normal ordering may be applied to educational technology and classroom instruction to create more effective computer documentation. I will research the macrostructures common in contemporary computer documentation; note how electronic instructional materials - in particular, electronic instructional materials such as online help systems, software demonstrations, and interactive simulations - have changed discourse processing; and explore how most effectively to present instructional information with the advent of electronic instructional materials using rich media technology.
The paper presents designs of two oscillators, both with a buffer amplifier and a bandpass filter: one with a voltage controlled oscillator and a wide-band filter, and one with fixed frequency oscillator and a narrow-band filter. The work includes the results obtained by software simulations, the assembly of individual parts, and measurements of the complete circuit.
This paper is devoted to the inverter design of power supply for cold plasma loads. Based on the half-bridge inverter, the proposed circuit design has included the hybrid resonant inverter as well as soft-switching techniques such that the operation performance of the system can be significantly improved, while the volume of heat dissipation can be largely decreased. Moreover, through the software simulations and experimental measurement, relationships between input and output voltage are analyzed and validated. It was confirmed that test results gained from simulations and experiments will support the academic and practical value of the proposed hybrid resonant inverter circuits for the application considered.
50-kg class micro satellite RISING-2 is now under development by Tohoku University and Hokkaido University. The development is at Flight Model phase. The main mission of the RISING-2 is Earth surface observations with 5-m resolution using a Cassegrain telescope with 10-cm diameter and 1-m focal length. Accurate attitude control capability with less than 0.1 deg direction errors and less than 0.02 deg/s angular velocity errors is required to realize this observation. The attitude control system realizes 3-axis stabilization for the observation by means of star sensors, gyro sensors, sun attitude sensors and reaction wheels. In this paper the static closed loop test system for the attitude control system of the RISING-2 is described. This test system is the simulation including the hardware of the attitude control system of the RISING-2. The results of the tests show that the pointing error is very larger than the results of software simulation.
The objective of this paper is to find out an optimal allocation of resources in emergency department (ED) via system simulation to smoothen the flow of ED. The construction of model that based on actual situation can demonstrate the waiting time and system time of patients in ED. Then, study the model and apply compatible with National Emergency Department Overcrowding Scale (NEDOCS) and OptQuest in Simul8 to increase the performance in ED and management of treated patients and thus increase the degree of satisfactions of patients. The results analysis shows that the overall performance in ED can be increased by 8%by new human resources allocation studied.
Construction simulation and traffic simulation are complementary to successful planning of microtunneling and pipe-jacking operations in urban areas. With increasing concerns on sustainable development, it is imperative to integrate construction engineering and traffic engineering in simulation modeling in order to plan for efficient site operations while reducing the impact of construction upon traffic. In this research, we demonstrate a &#x201C;larger system simulation&#x201D; approach to effectively plan pipe-jacking operations in urban areas in considerations of (1) truck delivery routes and timing; (2) sizing and location of temporary laydown area on site; (3) traffic lane closure distance; and (4) working hours scheduling, aimed at minimizing the negative impact of construction on traffic. Our research goal is to deliver a temporary traffic arrangement plan along with an efficient site operations plan, thus keeping a balance between construction productivity and traffic mobility. A case study is given based on a pipe-jacking site in the urban area of Hong Kong.
This paper presents a new closed-loop control strategy applied to half-bridge high power LLC Resonant Converter applicable in DC-DC applications and can be applied for other applications also. A new control circuit is designed and implemented for the high power LLC converter. A closed-loop variable frequency control through VCO is analyzed through PI Controller. Due to Zero Voltage Switching (ZVS) technique the turn-on losses of both the switches (IGBTs) in half-bridge are reduced and ZVS can be achieved for the entire control range in close-loop. Validity of PI controller and control circuit in closed-loop are verified with software simulation results for wide input and load range. A hardware prototype rated at 2.1 kW has been built with DSP TMS320F2811 and hardware results are presented to verify the control strategy. Practical results with DC-DC converter match with the simulated results and performance of control circuit is verified and tested practically with input voltage variations and load changes at different references.
The DSSC (DEPFET Sensor with Signal Compression) is a new instrument with non-linear compression of the input signal in the sensor and with parallel signal processing (filtering, linear amplification, and digitization) for all pixels. The design goal is to achieve at the same time single photon detection and high dynamic range, both for photon energies down to 0.5 keV and read-out speeds up to 4.5 MHz. Realization of this goal requires an accurate calibration of the non-linear system gain (NLSG), i.e. of the non-linear dependence of the digital DSSC output signal on the input signal charge generated by incident photons, over the full dynamic range of the detector. We present an overview of our basic strategy for calibrating the NLSG. The feasibility of our calibration strategy is demonstrated using our system simulation package, which is briefly described. Finally, we demonstrate the DSSC capabilities by simulating the measurement of a T4 virus diffraction image as recorded at the Linac Coherent Light Source.
The worm experimental environment is the pivotal foundation for the worm research. Existing methods to build the environment, such as mathematical modeling, simulation and emulation, almost all of the existing methods inherently face a rigid fidelity-scalability tradeoff problem. Aming at this issue, this paper proposes a novel virtual-reality hybrid worm emulation model based on our network emulation environment called LSNEMUlab, which integrated the packet-level simulation and network emulation method to build worm experimental environment. With the experiments, the impacts induced by the network and worm characteristics on the worm propagation are analyzed, and the different defense strategies are compared. The results show that the experimental environment is effective for worm characteristics and defense mechanism research.
The method of system simulation for analyzing fly condition of the missile has two advantages: it costs little, and the parameters can be set and recorded expediently. In this paper, the constitution method on simulation model of control system of certain missile is introduced for analyzing the fly condition of this missile. Firstly, principle and mathematic model are introduced based on the composition of control system. Then the simulation models of angle measurement link, nonlinear link and missile body and motion link are discussed in detail. At last, the simulation model for the whole control system is constituted, and it can be used to analyze the fly condition of this missile.
How to model the power amplifier behavior accurately is the key to system-level simulation. BP neural network can be used to simulate random nonlinear system, but it easily falls into the local minimum points and has no enough precision. So, this article proposes two improved model based on BP neural network model, one is cascading model BP-RBF, and the other is PSO_BP neural network. Design amplifier circuit in ADS2009 utilizing the freescale semiconductor chip MRF6S21140, and then extract voltage data as the simulation data. Carry on the MATLAB fitting simulation by BP, BP-RBF as well as PSO_BP, compared with voltage RMS error (RMSE), epochs and convergence time. Eventually, the results show that the improved algorithm BP-RBF, PSO_BP models have better fitting function than BP model, and fit the characteristics of power amplifier accurately, then have the important application value to construct system simulation.
There is a certain relationship between the system noise figure and each channel noise figure of the multi-channel phased array receiver. In this paper, theoretical derivation is proposed to find the relationship between the system noise figure and each channel noise figure based on the theory of noise figure and Y-factor measurements. Then with ADS software simulation, simulation model is built and results verify the correctness of the formula. Finally, a 9 channels phased array receiver is used to test the system noise figure and the channel noise figure. Test results demonstrate that theoretical formula corresponds to the practical relationship between system noise figure and channel noise figure.
In this publication the concept of the enhanced six-port receiver is proven by measurements of a hardware demonstrator. The enhanced six-port architecture has been proposed for simultaneous data reception and angle of arrival estimation with only one receiver front-end. It offers high positioning accuracy and high bandwidth combined with low circuit complexity. Up to now the concept has only been introduced and validated by system simulations. In this publication measurements of a hardware setup will be presented for the first time proving the functionality and performance of this new and promising architecture.
A control model and control strategy of static frequency converter (SFC) for pumped storage power plant unit is presented. Control strategy of static start-up and its mathematical model is discussed in detail. And based on the 42 poles of synchronous machine p.u. parameters, simulation parameters of the machine are carried out. Then the control system simulation model of SFC is developed. Based on Panjiakou synchronous motor parameters, the simulation of static start-up control system for pumped storage power plant unit is developed. At last, Simulation results show that pulse commutation, nature commutation and transient commutation procedure of static start-up are realized. Then it is proved that the method presented in the paper is a practicable control strategy for static start-up control to pumped storage power plant.
In this scientific paper a versatile system simulation environment is introduced that enables investigations on millimeter-wave FMCW-radar sensors. With respect to the latest developments in automotive radar the simulator combines an RF-frontend simulation engine and a 3D ray-tracing tool to take the effects of the radar channel into account. Furthermore different antenna characteristics can be generated by the phased-array radar topology implemented to examine not only the behavior of the RF-frontend but the impact of the concrete traffic situation on the whole sensor system. Therefore development engineers are actively assisted with their task to design new accurate and reliable systems, thus enabling the transition from current pure comfort systems to future systems including an increased number of safety functions. To demonstrate the usability of this advanced simulation approach for the development of future radar sensors a typical traffic scenario is calculated showing not only the impact of the antennas' beamwidth and side-lobes on target signal detection, but also the performance of the simulation environment built-up.
Transaction level modeling (TLM) improves the simulation performance by raising the abstraction level. In the TLM 2.0 standard based on OSCI SystemC, a single transaction can transfer a large data block. Due to such high abstraction, a great amount of information becomes invisible and thus timing accuracy can be degraded heavily. We present a methodology to accurately time such block transactions and achieve high simulation performance at the same time. First, before abstraction, a profiling process is performed on an instruction set simulator (ISS). Driver functions that implement the transfer of the data blocks are simulated. Several techniques are employed to trace the exact start and end of the driver functions as well as HW usages. Thus, a profile library of those driver functions can be constructed. Then, the application programs are host-compiled and use a single transaction to transfer a data block. A strategy is presented that efficiently estimates the timing of block transactions based on the profile library. It is the first method that takes into account caching effects that influence the timing of block transactions. Moreover, it ensures overall timing accuracy when integrated in other SW timing tools for full system simulation. Experimental results show that the block transactions are accurately timed, with average error less than 1%. At the same time, the simulation gain can be up to three orders of magnitude.
Source code instrumentation is a widely used method to generate fast software simulation models by annotating timing information into application source code. Source-level simulation models can be easily integrated into SystemC based simulation environment for fast simulation of complex multiprocessor systems. The accurate back-annotation of the timing information relies on the mapping between source code and binary code. The compiler optimizations might make it hard to get accurate mapping information. This paper addresses the mapping problems caused by complex compiler optimizations, which are the main source of simulation errors. To obtain accurate mapping information, we propose a method called fine-grained flow mapping that establishes a mapping between sequences of control flow of source code and binary code. In case that the code structure of a program is heavily altered by compiler optimizations, we propose to replace the altered part of the source code with functionally-equivalent IR-level code which has an optimized structure, leading to Partly Optimized Source Code (POSC). Then the flow mapping can be established between the POSC and the binary code and the timing information is back-annotated to the POSC. Our experiments demonstrate the accuracy and speed of simulation models generated by our approach.
While it is common understanding that feedback protocols are well developed for Multiuser MIMO systems surprisingly little has been done with respect to the metric used by the user terminals for selecting the quantization vectors. In particular, the Grassmanian chordal metric typically used in this context is widely unquestioned. However, engineering intuition suggests that e.g. the information about the transmit codebook can be beneficial. The aim of this paper is to make this intuition precise by introducing a new metric called the codebook oriented (CBO) metric. For the CBO metric it is shown that for any fixed transmit codebook a better scaling compared to Jindal's standard formula of the total throughput loss with respect to the number of feedback bits is attainable. Furthermore it is shown that for the CBO metric the relevant geometrical object for the underlying quantization problem is not the common Grassmanian manifold but instead a higher-dimensional simplex. The analysis is supported by standard-complient LTE system simulations showing performance gains of up to 50%compared to zeroforcing when using multiple antennas at both the base station and the terminal, and 70%when using a single antenna at the terminal.
As the Key technology of Fourth generation Mobile, Orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) has become a mainstream in the current high-speed data transmission system with the higher spectral efficiency and the ability to resist multi-path make the technology. In OFDM simulation system, clock program for the signal stream processing is one of the sticking point of parsing the entire system correctly. In this paper, with OFDM transmission system simulation in SCICOS graphical simulation platform, we focus on analyzing the Key issues of clock synchronization and data stream processing, and ultimately give the solutions.
In this work a complete Ultra-Wideband localization demonstrator for indoor applications is presented. The hardware setup, including UWB transceiver and time measurement module, as well as the working principles are explained. The positioning method, along with the method of positioning error predicting, based on scenario geometry, is described. The system simulation is presented, that is used as a benchmark for the quality assessment of the measurements performed later on. Finally, the measurement results are presented and discussed. The precise analysis of potential error sources in the system is conducted based on both simulation and measurement. Furthermore, suggestions how to improve the achieved average accuracy of 3.6 cm are made.
Summary form only given. After one year of continuous operation in Ontario, Canada, the actual performance of the Sarnia 20MWac power plant can be compared to both the long-term energy prediction and the expected energy for the operating year 2010. The long-term prediction uses satellite meteorological data and loss assumptions and the PVSYST system simulation tool to estimate the behavior of the power plant over a "typical" year. Typical meteorological input from satellite data is discretized on a monthly basis; therefore the monthly Performance Ratio (PR) is an appropriate metric for comparison. Our comparison shows that the prediction data is in line with the actual power plant PR during normal operation. However, energy lost due to snowfall remains one major prediction difficulty. Based on the first year's data at the Enbridge's Sarnia 20 MW<sub>ac</sub> power plant, the power plant is operating within 2.1%of the long-term prediction. Using the one year of on-site meteorological data, the expected energy of the site for 2010 can be found by rerunning the prediction with hourly measured data. At this time-step, specific measurement points within the power plant can be assessed by simply comparing measured to expected values, including the DC and AC energy at the inverters as well as the module temperature and inverter efficiency. The estimation of the modeling error at each of these measurement points shows that there is no single driver of the overall modeling error during normal operation, but also shows that improvements are possible. Actual energy from the Sarnia 20 MW<sub>ac</sub> power plant was 0.6%more than expected based on the expected energy for the 2010 operating year.
Based on the principle of gear generating, theoretical research and VB software simulation about undercut are presented in this paper. The rack cutter is used to infer minimum teeth without undercutting of stub tooth in volute gear, stub tooth helical gear and stub tooth straight bevel gear. And, which are respectively analyzed and calculated. Thus, correct minimum teeth without undercutting are got, theoretical analysis and calculation on the in volute stub tooth gear have been carried out. Then, minimum teeth without undercutting can be obtained, and use VB software to carry on simulation for verifying the validity of the theoretical calculation.
After considering the rack cutter's addendum, the minimum teeth without undercutting of spur gears with 20<sup>o</sup>, 22.5<sup>o</sup> and 25<sup>o</sup> pressure angle were carried out analysis and comparison in this paper. On the basic of gear generating principles, origin and basic architecture of undercutting were presented, and the phenomenon of undercutting was theoretically investigated. And, there also are simulated result by means of VB and experimental results in this paper. The rack cutter is used to infer minimum teeth without undercutting of in volute gears with the pressure angle of 22.5<sup>o</sup> and 25<sup>o</sup>, and correct minimum teeth without undercutting are got when the pressure angle are respectively 22.5<sup>o</sup> and 25<sup>o</sup>. Then, virtual simulations in the circumstance of software VB are applied to verify the validity of theoretical calculations.
Interactive learning environments are increasingly used to help people better deal with complex situations. One way to improve decision making effectiveness is to train systems thinking skills using interactive simulations in order to reduce the occurrence of &#x201C;unintended side-effects&#x201D; of interventions and catastrophic failures. We present a prototype training procedure intended for military officers and civilian personnel engaged in &#x201C;full spectrum&#x201D; operations. The Complex Decision Making simulation environment (CODEM) is the core of the proposed training procedure. CODEM aims to improve systems thinking skills, adaptability and other abilities associated with the integrative concept of cognitive readiness. Four training scenarios are designed to reproduce key properties of complex decision making situations. An intelligent tutor providing corrective feedback on decision making behaviors is integrated into each scenario. The tutor interventions help avoid tunnel vision (i.e., the opposite of systems thinking) by discouraging the use of overly simple heuristics. Nine behavioral metrics are monitored by the intelligent tutor - five are related to information seeking behaviors, and four are related to specific decision patterns. The effectiveness of this prototype training procedure is currently being assessed experimentally.
Solar cell has an enormous developing capacity as kind of green renewable energy source. Nevertheless, accompanied by some losses such as light reflection loss, recombination loss, grid shadowing loss, and low carrier concentration, the energy conversion efficiency of a solar cell remains unsatisfactory. A lot of research work has been done and yet been continued in order to enhance the solar cell efficiency. Among them, surface texturisation is quite enough succeeded in reduction of reflectance through light trapping in the cell and thence higher light absorption. Again, Emitter-Wrap-Through back contact cell technology paves the way to reduce grid loss as well as double-sided carrier collection and therefore increases short circuit current. However, at present, Texturization and Emitter-Wrap-Through (EWT) technology are used individually. In this paper we promote a possible solar cell design by combining these two features along with a PC1D software simulation to enhance the efficiency of solar cell.
This paper presents the application of mathematical model order reduction (MOR) methods to the automatic generation of dynamic component models that in turn are combined with each other to simulate a complete system. The latter is achieved by means of thermal ports in the component models that allow us to form a large interconnected system. The thermal ports are preserved from the physical structure of the components. An assembly is done by interconnecting the component models at their thermal ports such that heat exchange and thermal flux between components is maintained. The assembly model allows a transient thermal simulation of the entire system in time domain. Results of the system simulation can be expanded back into the physical domain. Temperature fields can be visualized as a function of time. This approach will be demonstrated for the thermal design of an electronic module. Component models of devices and printed circuit are generated by mathematical order reduction of physical models. The virtual assembly of the module is done for combinations of devices and PCBs. The system is simulated at typical transient operating conditions. The expansion pass is used to visualize temperature fields and identify hot spots.
The conversion from analog TV to digital TV improves the spectrum efficiency and makes the 698&#x2013;806MHz available for IMT system in the future. In China, 806MHz&#x2013;821MHz has been allocated to the uplink of digital trunking system. If IMT system is deployed in 698&#x2013;806MHz in the future, the IMT system and trunking system will coexist adjacently around 806MHz. This paper focuses on mutual interference between IMT system and the uplink of trunking system around 806MHz. Deterministic analysis and system simulation is adopted in the coexistence study. The result of study provides scientific foundation and technical support for spectrum plan in 698&#x2013;806MHz.
In this paper, microwave breast cancer detection is investigated using Ultra-Wide Band (UWB) radar imaging. New approach for calibrating the received signals Pole Splitting is proposed for imaging. This approach is based on Estimation of Signal Parameters via Rotational Invariance Techniques (ESPRIT). The CST software simulation tool made for simulating the electromagnetic propagation through different mediums is used. Numerical phantom with complicated structures that uses the dispersive dielectric properties of the breast tissues has been developed for investigating the proposed approach and comparing it with the conventional averaging approach. The results show improvement in the detection using the proposed Pole Splitting approach compared with the conventional averaging approach.
Ferroresonance can severely affect voltage transformers, causing quality and security problems. The possibility of appearing a ferroresonance phenomenon is mainly based on an existing series connected capacitance and a nonlinear inductance. However, factors that may influence on it are not only limited to these considerations, but also to several constructive, design, operation and protective parameters. This paper analyses the process of obtaining the ferroresonant behaviour of a medium voltage (MV) phase-to-phase voltage transformer under different operation conditions. The study is developed by software simulation in order to characterize several ferroresonant behavioral patterns of the voltage transformer. This characterization may be essential for future methodologies to detect and suppress this phenomenon, frequently regarded as an unpredictable or random.
This paper proposes control strategies for a grid connected Hybrid System (WPVHS) composed of wind turbine photovoltaic array and storage system. The aim is to ensure the service continuity despite the fluctuating behavior of the renewable sources by using a batteries storage system. The proposed control scheme is based on the power balancing in the common DC-link. Hence, the Hybrid System is able to inject desired active and reactive power to the electrical grid. MATLAB software simulation results are provided in order to demonstrate the performance and to show the feasibility of the proposed control.
This Paper presents a system simulation for a lossy cable system using network analysis method. A R'L'G'C' distributed element model for the lossy transmission line parameters of a twisted-pair cable including frequency dependent filtering effect is used in this study to evaluate impulse response of the cable systems in time and frequency domain. Three different kinds of network parameter, impedance (Z), scattering (S) and ABCD, are used to calculate the reflected wave from the cable system. The reflection coefficient of cable under test is simulated using vector network analyzer (VNA) method and converted to other characteristic parameters of transmission line. The simulated results are compared with the ideal results from transmission line model.
Harnessing energy from the renewable energy sources is coming to be more and more relevant in the coming years [1], due to this fact power energy companies and manufacturing companies producing technology facilities for the renewable energy harvesting are demanding engineers skilled in this field [2]. As a general answer to that fact, all the universities are adapting their engineering curricula to that demand creating new subjects in renewable energy (RE) technology; those new subjects needs new education tools and this motivate the investigation and creation of software simulation environment specific for those technologies with the goal of engineering education. In the present work it is shown a multi-platform software architecture specially designed for distance learning and with the target to be a complementary tool to the curricula contents of the new subjects in RE engineering with the aim to offer a virtual laboratory able to simulate the most updated energy harnessing systems. Flow diagrams, management, functionality and capabilities of this multi-platform software environment development is explained in the article.
With the development of computer simulation technology and the requirement of enhancing the fidelity of combating training on the sea, it is inevitable to integrate computer computer generated forces(CGFs) into military simulation system. And the CGFs must act as an actual enemy commander in the virtual sea battle space. For the purpose of reuse and expandability of a synthetical combating simulation components which had been worked out in the past, it is developed to be HLA-compliment In this paper, special emphasis had been put on the building an extensible and flexible architecture of the CGFs which could be integrated into such an synthetical combating simulation system. The precess of decision-making is found on the analysis of behaviors that an entity commander would act in real sea war.
It is known that the free-space optical communication is one of the most promising communications, and the ATP system especially coarse pointing subsystem is the key to construction and maintain of the communication link. To our knowledge, only few experimental experience for coarse pointing subsystem exists today especially with respect to communication construct in cities. Therefore, an experiment system for coarse tracking system simulation for free-space optical communication between buildings is set up. The control strategy adopted in the coarse pointing subsystem is described and some experiment with different simulation speed under constructed system has been done. The result shows that control accuracy is several hundreds of microradian and can meet the system requirement. Standard deviation for tracking error of X-axis increases with the increase of simulation speed, but has no order for Y-axis.
This paper developed a virtual simulation system on CRH3 EMU bogies for maintenance, integrating with virtual simulation technology, computer simulation technology, modeling technology, virtual reality technology and multi-media technology, where the structure characteristics of CRH3 EMU bogies and requirements for maintenance are considered. The key technologies applied in the developed system were introduced in detail including 3D modeling and model converting for CRH3 EMU based on modularity, 3D visualization based on virtual reality, dynamic assembly simulation, information searching and inquiring and multi-media implementation. The system proposed in this paper can contribute to engineers to make reasonable and cost-effective maintenance plans, and can also be used to train the maintainers. In accordance with the structure characteristics of CRH3 EMU bogies and requirements of maintenance, virtual simulation technologies, computer simulation technology, modeling technology, virtual reality technology and multimedia technology are integrated to develop a virtual simulation system on CRH3 EMU bogies for maintenance. Key technologies applied in the system development include 3D modeling and model converting for CRH3 EMU based on Modular structure, 3D visual viewing based virtual reality, dynamic assembly simulating, information searching and inquiring and multi-media implementing. The system introduced in this paper can help engineers to make a reasonable and cost-effective maintenance plans. It can also be used for maintenance engineers and workers.
This paper deals with the system distortions of radar and navigation systems by objects, in particular by rotation effects. This rotation can be a mechanically or electronically rotating antenna (e.g. VOR/DVOR antenna) or a simple rotating scatterer in the radiation field of a system (e.g. rotating radar antenna, rotating wind turbine). Effects are analyzed and evaluated by state of the art 3D simulations.
A statistical wideband land mobile channel model adapted for requirements of Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) simulations is proposed. The model considers is flexible with respect to different limitations of the hardware and software simulation platforms. The channel incorporates a tap delay line model combining well-known statistical approaches with other empirical/experimental observations from physical-statistical studies. This solution allows flexibility in the evaluation of multipath and shadowing in GNSS receivers.
In this paper, we present a one new approach for synthesizing nonlinear circuits. That is, we synthesize nonlinear electronic circuits and linear electric part for simulating or constructing nonlinear dynamics. One advantage of our approach is that we can directly synthesize nonlinear circuits from some ordinary differential equations. Presented circuit is able to generate the conservative chaotic attractors. This system can be used e.g. for secure communication, modulation etc. The designed systems were so fare only simulated, but can be easily constructed from electronics and electric parts.
Sound rendering applications are data-intensive and memory-intensive as a sound space increases. To speed up computation and extend the simulated area, a sound rendering system based on the two-dimensional Digital Huygens Model (DHM) with timing sharing architecture is designed and implemented by a Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) chip XC5VLX330T. Compared with the DHM system with the traditional parallel architecture, the proposed system implemented by a FPGA chip extends about 20 times in simulated area, and speeds up 1.47 times against the software simulation carried out in a computer with an AMD Phenom 9500 Quad-core processor (2.2 GHz) and 4GB RAM. The system is relatively easy to cascade many FPGA chips to work in parallel in real applications.
A detailed electrical model of a Skystream wind turbine system equipped with a permanent magnet synchronous generator, diode rectifier, boost dc to dc converter and inverter is presented and a simulink model of the system is constructed. The model was simulated using the power system simulation tool in MatLab SIMULINK. The simulation of the system is implemented by using step change and linear change input to the wind turbine with an initial wind speed value of 4 m/s and to a final value of 15 m/s. In a step change, it is observed that the output load current increases quickly from 5.2 to 18.3 Amperes in just 0.12 second while in a linear change wind speed input, it is observed that the load output current linearly increases from 5 to 18 Amperes in 0.5 second. Its voltage output approximately remains constant at any change of wind speed. It is found out that there is a small time delay (around 0.2 second) in the response of the load current. The system current output has no unwarranted overshoot or spike even though there is a sudden increase of wind speed. This indicates that it has a stable output current even though a wind gust occurs. Hence, this shows that experimental observations validate the results of the simulation.
Spectrally-efficient and low-latency support of local media services is expected to be provided by enabling underlay direct Device-to-Device (D2D) communication mode in future cellular networks. Interference Alignment (IA) can enhance the capacity of a wireless network by providing more degrees of freedom. In this paper, we propose using IA techniques in a D2D underlay network to enhance spectral efficiency. We compare IA transmission and traditional point-to-point (P2P) transmission from the Bit-Error-Rate (BER) and sum-rate points of view. Furthermore, we propose three grouping schemes for the D2D users into groups of 3-pairs such that IA can be applied using a limited number of signal extensions. Results demonstrate that although traditional P2P transmission can achieve better BER performance; IA transmission is still able to achieve gains in the sum rate. Also, system simulations show that the cell total D2D sum rate can be improved using IA. A gain of up to 31.8%is shown to be attainable at a reasonable transmit signal power level.
Discrete Event Simulation (DES) is one of the major experimental methodologies in several scientific and engineering domains. Parallel Discrete Event Simulation (PDES) constitutes a very active research field for at least three decades, to surpass speed and size limitations. In the context of Peer-to-Peer (P2P) protocols, most studies rely on simulation. Surprisingly enough, none of the mainstream P2P discrete event simulators allows parallel simulation although the tool scalability is considered as the major quality metric by several authors. This paper revisits the classical PDES methods in the light of distributed system simulation and proposes a new parallelization design specifically suited to this context. The constraints posed on the simulator internals are presented, and an OS-inspired architecture is proposed. In addition, a new thread synchronization mechanism is introduced for efficiency despite the very fine grain parallelism inherent to the target scenarios. This new architecture was implemented into the general-purpose open-source simulation framework SimGrid. We show that the new design does not hinder the tool scalability. In fact, the sequential version of SimGrid remains orders of magnitude more scalable than state of the art simulators, while the parallel execution saves up to 33%of the execution time on Chord simulations.
In this paper<sup>1</sup>, we deal with the problem of GSM vulnerabilities to jamming attacks. We pick over the GSM standard to identify smart jamming strategies that can inhibit communications of GSM users, while preserving the energy of the jammer device. In particular, the identified jamming algorithm is focused on the control channels. We evaluate by system simulations the GSM robustness against the analyzed attacks. Obtained results show that the GSM security can be undermined by hampering the synchronization procedures.
In college physics teaching, guiding students to use computer simulation is not only a new connotation of computer aided physics teaching, but also a product combined computers with college physics course. From the perspective of the computer simulation technology-assisted teaching college physics and according to cognitive learning theory, constructivist theory, psychological theory and university physics teaching the theory, this paper explains the basis of these theories in computer simulation technology-assisted university physics teaching application, and puts forward its own point of view. In the end, on the basis of examples, the paper conducts the research on computer simulation technology-assisted teaching of physics, showing preponderance of the use of computer simulation methods to solve complex physical problems.
In a renewable energy community the energy demand must be supplied on-site using renewable sources. Energy storage systems and load management are key factors to achieve energy balance. This paper presents the performance comparison, based on software simulations, of two different arrangements of a theoretical renewable energy community in the German city Cottbus. Electricity is generated from photovoltaic panels and small wind turbines. The houses are considered passive houses in order to reduce space heating demand. Energy storage systems are used to stabilize the fluctuating generation and to supply the demand when there is no or insufficient generation. Electric vehicles are considered as an extra storage mean as well as a load.
This paper presents the results of a simulation of unstable flow phenomena in vertical condensing flows. The horizontal condensing flow model was extended to include gravitational effects. The simulations revealed existence of limit-cycle type of oscillations of large amplitude, including possibilities of flow reversals, as were observed on horizontal flows. The simulations also revealed that the gravitational effects have an attenuating effect on the oscillatory behavior in downward flows, and an enhancing effect on the upward flows. Matlab/Simulink tools were used for the system simulations.
In this paper, a one new approach for synthesizing nonlinear circuits is presented. The system consists of nonlinear electronic circuits and linear electric part for simulating and constructing of nonlinear dynamics. One advantage of our approach is that it can be directly synthesize by means of nonlinear circuits from ordinary differential equations. Presented circuit is able to generate the robust chaotic attractors. This system can be used e.g. for secure communication, modulation etc. The designed systems were simulated and also constructed in digital version using microcontroller. Application of this equations in financial system is also presented.
The objective of this research is to assess the sustainability of various renewable energy technologies, ranging from small solar panels to utility-scale wind farms. While potential environmental impacts associated with these technologies are broad, the focus here is greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and freshwater withdrawal. GHG impacts are global in nature; however, for freshwater consumption the environmental carrying capacity is spatially dependent varying widely by location. In this study, eco-efficiency is measured by use of the Sustainability Target Method (STM) to relate economic value to environmental impact and determine an absolute measure for sustainability. The research presented here provides a generic methodology for determining freshwater carrying capacity with an application to New Jersey. Dynamic system simulation is used as a complement to the lifecycle assessment methodology to create a robust technique for analyzing sustainability and eco-efficiency at the system and process level, focusing on energy use and GHG, as well as water consumption.
Raw echo-wave signal simulation of Synthetic Aperture Radar for three-dimensional complicated natural scene targets is a key research subject in Synthetic Aperture Radar system simulation. This paper presents an improved random-midpoint displacement method to interpolate raw DEM data and make up the simulating natural scene targets. Physical optics calculation (PO) method in the electromagnetism theory is used to compute the scattering contribution of the cell surface targets and the ray-tracing method is used to estimate the back-scattering contribution of the shadow cell surface. In this paper, the mathematic model of echo-wave signal of SAR is presented. A novel graphical user interface (GUI) based on the Matlab platform is described and realized. The simulation test has been finished by the method and the simulation platform. The results of test indicate that the simulation method can satisfy the prophase SAR system research and analysis.
With the development of science and technology, the controlled objects usually have these characteristics: serious non-linear, time-varying and existing a wide variety of interference. Besides, it is difficult to get the function of satisfied static and dynamic with the conventional control method. To design a kind of automatic control based on the intelligence of the constant temperature box control system, to improve previous PID control and Fuzzy control system control algorithm. This paper analyzes the different advantages and disadvantages of the two kinds of the controlling strategies and tries to combine with each other to realize the complementary advantages. That is, heating up with fuzzy control to make it rapid warming and heat preservation with PID Control to eliminate steady-state error. Finally, the system simulation is used MATLAB, to achieve the good intelligent control.
At first the paper introduced the basic concept and mechanism of Hadoop architecture and the current parallel research situation of molecular dynamics simulation, then three solutions were proposed for implementing the parallel algorithm using atom-decomposition method on Hadoop to overcome shortcomings of fast iteration and communication among sub-tasks. After that tested and analyzed program's speed-up ratio, expansibility and cost-time of various parts, then did performance tuning in many ways, finally obtained good results as high as 28&#x00D7; speedup in large-scale system simulations. The test showing molecular dynamics simulation based on Hadoop is more economical and practical.
Persistence of external trunk asymmetry after scoliosis surgical treatment is frequent and difficult to predict by clinicians. This is a significant problem considering that correction of the apparent deformity is a major factor of satisfaction for the patients. A simulation of the correction on the external appearance would allow the clinician to illustrate to the patient the potential result of the surgery and would help in deciding on a surgical strategy that could most improve his/her appearance. We describe a method to predict the scoliotic trunk shape after a spine surgical intervention. The capability of our method was evaluated using real data of scoliotic patients. Results of the qualitative evaluation were very promising and a quantitative evaluation based on the comparison of the simulated and the actual postoperative trunk surface showed an adequate accuracy for clinical assessment. The required short simulation time also makes our approach an eligible candidate for a clinical environment demanding interactive simulations.
The design and implementation of the commodity memory architecture has resulted in significant performance and capacity limitations. To circumvent these limitations, designers and vendors have begun to place intermediate logic between the CPU and DRAM. This additional logic has two functions: to control the DRAM and to communicate with the CPU over a fast and narrow bus. The benefit provided by this logic is a reduction in pin-out to the memory system and increased signal integrity to the DRAM, allowing faster clock rates while maintaining capacity. While the few vendors utilizing this design have used the same general approach, their implementations vary greatly in their non-trivial details. A hardware-verified simulation suite is developed to accurately model and evaluate the behavior of this buffer-on-board memory system. A study of this design space is used to determine optimal use of the resources involved. This includes DRAM and bus organization, queue storage, and mapping schemes. Various constraints based on implementation costs are placed on simulated configurations to confirm that these optimizations apply to viable systems. Finally, full system simulations are performed to better understand how this memory system interacts with an operating system executing an application with the goal of uncovering behaviors not present in simple limit case simulations. When applying insights gleaned from these simulations, optimal performance can be achieved while still considering outside constraints (i.e., pin-out, power, and fabrication costs).
This paper presents a design procedure for linear current controllers of three-phase grid-connected inverters. The proposed method consists in deriving a numerical model of the converter by using software simulations and applying the pole placement technique to design the controller with the desired performances. A clear example on how to apply the technique is provided. The effectiveness of the proposed design procedure has been verified through the experimental results obtained with a 10kW grid-connected three-phase inverter prototype.
The paper presents the characterisation and modelling approach for near-field (NF) radiated emissions in the time-domain based on the combination of time- and frequency-domain methods. Plane wave spectrum (PWS) transformation can be used to extract 3-D electromagnetic (EM) field from 2-D measurements as well as to calculate time-domain EM near-field at different heights above the measurement plane. As PWS applies to frequency-domain quantities, a Fourier transform is used to convert between time- and frequency-domains. The radiated emissions are modelled by an array of electric dipoles with time-domain excitations, enabling fast and easy calculation of an electromagnetic field anywhere in the surrounding space. However, identification of the dipole model parameters directly in the time-domain is difficult, so time-frequency approach is proposed. The approach has been verified by analytical calculations and 3-D EM software simulations.
The modeling and simulation of radar clutter in the past mostly based on statistical models, this paper by using digital elevation model (DEM), give the clutter model for specific terrain environment, and generate the clutter simulation data. Under the clutter model using digital elevation model (DEM) of specific terrain, compute the radar cross section (RCS). According to radar signal echo equation, determine clutter simulation and generate the specific terrain clutter signal of airborne radar system. The simulation results show that clutter modeling and simulation using the digital elevation model (DEM) can reflect the non-homogeneity of the ground surface, so as to provide more precise clutter data for radar system simulation and signal processing.
Fiber-optic intubation is an emergency procedure that can be performed to intubate a patient when the patient has serious difficulty in breathing normally. The existing simulators for fiber-optic intubation procedure provide haptic feedback to the user when there is a contact with the vocal cord section, but they do not capture the grazing effect of the endoscope along the inner walls of the airway. The grazing on the inner walls of the airway, if not well controlled, could lead to unnecessary trauma for the patient. Hence, there is a need to provide this force feedback in a fiber-optic intubation simulator. We have built a fiber-optic intubation simulator with force feedback. This system is composed of a software simulation coupled with a physics-based simulation that enhances the visual experience. The software simulation is connected to a haptic feedback device. The device provides force feedback when contact is made with any section of the airway. The force feedback varies based on the position of contact and intensity of contact. We use a proportional and derivative (PD) controller to obtain force feedback at the vocal cord section and a variable magnetic field to capture the grazing effect of the endoscope along the inner walls of the airway. The movements of the endoscope are captured using rotary encoders (that read the insertion and the tip bend) and a compass module (that reads the twist angle of the endoscope along the long axis). These movements are used to navigate the virtual airway using a virtual endoscope. When collisions are encountered, the physics library evaluates the position of contact and the force with which contact is made. Force feedback is generated due to the interaction of the solenoids with the permanent magnets at the tip of the endoscope. This information helps the software to actuate the right combination of solenoids. The simulator will help to train all aspects of fiber-optic intubation, namely 1) developing the necessary psychomo- - tor skills to successfully navigate the airway with minimal or no damage to the airway or vocal cords; and 2) cognitive skills to perform the procedure fast and effectively.
Software design programs often assist RF/ microwave engineers in creating high-frequency printed circuit boards (PCBs). A multitude of commercial software tools are available, from electromagnetic (EM) simulation programs to circuit layout and complete system simulators. Both engineers and software tools try to forecast the effects of various circuit- and material-based parameters, but some factors may be overlooked or simply not well enough understood to be properly accounted for in a software simulation of a PCB design. This article intends to help RF/microwave PCB designers better understand the different influences affecting high-frequency PCB loss performance, such as copper roughness, solder mask, plated finishes, and circuit configurations, and how to more accurately predict their effects on final PCB insertion-loss (IL) performance.
This article describes the design of an individual-based simulation engine that can harness the full potential of modern general-purpose multicore and multiprocessor computers. This design aims to enable interactive simulations of highly dynamic multiagent systems in which entities can move, change, appear, disappear, and interact with one another and the user at any time.
With the advances of power electronic technology, direct-driven permanent magnet synchronous generators (PMSGs) have increasingly drawn the interest of wind turbine manufacturers. At the present time, a commercial PMSG wind turbine primarily makes use of a passive rectifier followed by an insulated gate bipolar transistor (IGBT) inverter. Although a PMSG wind turbine with two back-to-back voltage source IGBT converters is considered more efficient, it has not been widely adopted by the wind power industry. This paper investigates both the conventional and a novel vector control mechanism for a PMSG wind turbine that has two side-by-side voltage source pulsewidth modulation converters. The proposed approach is based on a direct-current vector control mechanism for control of both machine- and grid-side converters of a PMSG wind turbine. Then, an optimal control strategy is developed for integrated control of PMSG maximum power extraction, reactive power, and grid voltage support controls. A transient system simulation using SimPowerSystem is built to investigate the performance of the conventional and proposed control techniques for the PMSG wind turbine under steady and gusty wind conditions. This paper shows that when using the direct-current vector control structure, a PMSG system has excellent performance in various aspects.
This paper presents a quick methodology for focusing a laser beam on a photoactive surface based on performing a single line scan while simultaneously modifying the laser's position over the surface and the distance between the focusing lens and the active surface. The methodology was tested using the computer simulation technique. Several configurations were computer simulated by programming different experimental situations to discover the situations in which this focusing methodology would provide optimum results. The conclusions obtained from computer simulation methodology were checked by means of experimental tests using several solar cells, such as a thin-film amorphous silicon solar cell, a monocrystalline silicon solar cell, and a polycrystalline silicon solar cell. From the tests performed, we concluded that optimum focusing is achieved in systems in which the laser beam induced current signal generated by the photoactive surface has no large heterogeneities (e.g., fingers or grain boundaries), artefacts, or defects. Thus, the best results are achieved in systems where the surface of the photovoltaic device has a certain degree of homogeneity."
Time-domain scheduling simulation is the most effective tool for predicting the operational costs in wind-integrated power systems, because it can represent the inter-temporal constraints that limit the balancing actions of the thermal plant, storage, and demand-side measures. High wind penetrations demand just-in-time commitment decisions that reflect the uncertainties in the wind infeed, so that it is desirable to generate the scheduling decisions using stochastic unit commitment (SUC) with rolling planning. However, the computational burden can make such methods impractical in long simulations. We present an efficient formulation of the SUC problem that is designed for use in scheduling simulations of single-bus power systems. Unlike traditional SUC techniques, the proposed formulation uses a quantile-based scenario tree structure that avoids the need for exogenous operating reserves. We compare the performance of various tree topologies in year-long simulations of a large system. Simple quantile-based trees give statistically significant cost improvements over fixed-quantile deterministic methods and compare favorably with trees based on Monte Carlo-generated scenarios.
To compress research and development (R&D) cycle times of high-tech mechatronic products with conformance performance metrics, managing R&D projects to allow engineers from electrical, mechanical, and manufacturing disciplines receive real-time design feedback and assessment are essential. In this paper, we propose a systems design procedure to integrate mechanical design, structure prototyping, and servo evaluation through careful comprehension of the servo-mechanical-prototype production cycle commonly employed in mechatronic industries. Our approach focuses on the Modal Parametric Identification of key feedback parameters for fast exchange of design specifications and information. This enables efficient conduct of product design evaluations, and supports schedule compression of the R&D project life cycle in the highly competitive consumer electronics industry. Using the commercial hard disk drive as a case example, we demonstrate how our approach allow inter-disciplinary specifications to be communicated among engineers from different backgrounds to speed up the R&D process for the next generation of intelligent manufacturing. This provides the management of technology team with powerful decision-making tools for project strategy formulation, and improvements in project outcome are potentially massive because of the low costs of change.
Using multi-channel memory subsystems is an efficient way of satisfying high volume memory requests from CMPs. At the same time, the imbalance between memory bandwidth and bus performance opens up new possibility of optimization before they are sent to bus. This paper presents a new memory controller design for embedded CMPs systems when the return data from the return buffer is sent back to bus. Our scheduling policy, called return data interleaving (RDI) interleaves the return data of each request in a round robin manner. Further, for each request, it sends the critical word first. To evaluate our technique, we model an Intel XScale-based CMPs using M5 simulator for CMPs simulation and DRAMsim for memory subsystem simulation and examine the performance of MiBench and SPEC2000 benchmarks. Simulation results show that for memory-bound benchmarks running on the CMPs systems with the number of cores from 6 to 16, RDI can improve the execution time by average 11%and up to 16.9%.
This study introduces the concept of an intelligent wall as an autonomous part of a smart indoor environment for cognitive wireless networks. Here, an intelligent wall is a wall inside a building equipped with an active frequency-selective surface, simple low-cost sensors and a cognitive engine with machine-learning ability. Using simulations, it has been shown that the smart environment based on intelligent walls can react to the immediate demands of an indoor wireless system, control radio coverage and, consequently, influence the overall system performance. The concept of the intelligent walls is described and evaluated based on a simple implementation of an arrangement of two intelligent walls in a conference centre scenario. Artificial neural networks were employed in the cognitive engine. Elementary orthogonal frequency division multiple access static system simulations are used to analyse the influence of the smart environment on the system performance. Results are discussed in detail and typical characteristics of the aforementioned system are derived and summarised.
Early detection and rapid response to infectious-disease outbreaks rely on effective decision making based on information from disparate sources. To improve decision-making in outbreak detection and response, it's important to understand how public health practitioners seek relevant information. Epinome, a user-centric visual-analytics system, supports research on decision-making in public health, particularly evaluation of information search strategies. Epinome facilitates investigation of scripted high-fidelity large-scale simulated disease outbreaks. Its dynamic environment seamlessly evolves and adapts as the user's tasks and focus change. This video shows how the Epinome system facilitates interactive simulations of disease outbreaks.
Integration of multiple heterogeneous processors into a single system-on-a-chip is a clear trend in embedded devices. Designing and verifying these devices requires high-speed and easy-to-build simulation platforms. Among the software simulation approaches, native simulation is a good candidate since the embedded software is executed natively on the host machine, and no instruction set simulator development effort is necessary. However, existing native simulation approaches are such that the simulated software shares the memory space of the modeled hardware modules and the host operating system, making impractical the support of legacy code running on the target platform. To overcome this issue seldom mentioned in the literature, we propose the addition of a transparent address space translation layer to separate the target address space from the host simulator one. For this, we exploit the hardware-assisted virtualization technology now available on most general-purpose processors. Experiments show that this solution does not degrade the native simulation speed, while keeping the ability to accomplish software performance evaluation.
Interference and diffraction of light are elementary topics in optics. The aim of the work presented here is to develop an accurate and cheap optical-system simulation software that provides a virtual laboratory for studying the effects of propagation in both time and space for the near- and far-field regions. In laboratory sessions, this software can let optical engineering undergraduates simulate many optical systems based on thin slits. The numerical method used is the finite-difference time-domain (FDTD) method that has been successfully applied in many engineering fields. Using this numerical method, the irradiance distribution can be successfully evaluated in different planes far from the simulation grid without degrading performance. In addition, an easy-to-use MATLAB GUI handles all the parameters of the FDTD simulation and computes theoretical values of irradiance for both the Fresnel and Fraunhofer regions. Therefore, by using this software, the student is able to analyze the behavior of the Fresnel and Fraunhofer expressions as a function of the distance. This distance is defined as the space between the slits plane and the plane that contains the virtual screen on which the irradiance pattern is represented.
In Networks-on-Chip (NoC), with ever-increasing design complexity and technology scaling, soft errors have become a key design challenge. In this work, we extend the concept of architectural vulnerability factor (AVF) from the microprocessor domain and propose a network vulnerability factor (NVF) to characterize the susceptibility of Network Interfaces (NIs) to soft errors. For the first time, a detailed characterization of vulnerability is performed on a state-of-the-art AXI-based NI architecture using full system simulation. Our studies reveal that different NI buffers behave quite differently in the presence of transient faults and each buffer can have different inherent tolerance to faults. Our analysis also considers the impact of thermal hotspot mitigation techniques on the NVF estimation.
The objective of this work is to develop a framework for monitoring snow water equivalent (SWE) and snowpack radiometric properties (e.g., surface emissivity and reflectivity) and microwave emissions in remote regions where ancillary data and ground-based observations for model calibration and/or data assimilation are lacking. For this purpose, an existing land surface hydrology model (LSHM) with single-layer (SL) snow physics was coupled to a microwave emission model (MEMLS). The coupled model (MLSHM-SL) predicts microwave emissions at various frequencies and polarizations as well as snowpack radiometric properties (e.g., emissivity) based on snowpack density, temperature, snow depth, and volumetric liquid water content simulated by the hydrology model with atmospheric forcing obtained from either observations, or the analysis of weather forecasts. The MLSHM-SL was evaluated in prognostic observing system simulation (OSS) mode for two case-studies: 1) a multi-year simulation of snowpack radio-brightness behavior at Valdai, Russia compared against Scanning Multichannel Microwave Radiometer (SMMR) observations at three frequencies (18, 21, and 37 GHz, V, and H polarizations) over six years, 1978–1983; and 2) an intercomparison of simulated and observed brightness temperatures for the Special Sensor Microwave/Imager (SSM/I) and the Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer–EOS (AMSR-E) during the 2002–2003 snow season as part of the Cold Land Processes Field Experiment (CLPX) in Colorado. In the case of Valdai, the model captures well the mass balance as well as radiometric behavior of the snowpack during both accumulation and melt, with significantly best skill for vertical polarization (10–16 K differences in error statistics as compared to horizontal polarization), particularly in the winter season January–March (dry snow conditions). Larger biases were detected for intermittent snowpack conditions at the beginning of the fall - eason due to uncertainty in fractional snow cover and snow wetness at the spatial scale of the SMMR. Similar results were obtained for the OSS of SSM/I and AMSR-E for CLPX, though differences between vertical and horizontal polarization error statistics are more modest ($sim$ 2–4 K). Error statistics are lower for AMSR-E V-pol at 19 and 37 GHz. MLSHM-SL predicted snowpack physical properties (bulk snow density and SWE) compare well against CLPX snowpit observations during the accumulation season with residuals smaller than 10%of observed values. Moreover, the MLSHM-SL simulations in full prognostic mode, and without calibration from the beginning through the end of the snow season, are as skillful as MEMLS with specified physical attributes from snow pit observations. This indicates that the MSLSHM-SL can be used independently as a physically based estimator of SWE in remote regions, and in a data-assimilation framework to provide a physical basis to the interpretation of satellite-based observations of snow.
A multilayer formulation of snow hydrological processes implemented in an existing snow hydrology-emission model (MLSHM-ML) was applied in observing system simulation mode (OSS) to two very different climatic and physiographic regions (Valdai, Russia and Colorado, USA) for both wet and dry snow regimes, and over multiple years. The results were evaluated against ground-based observations of snowpack physical properties and microwave radiometric observations from the Scanning Multichannel Microwave Radiometer (SMMR), Special Sensor Microwave/Imager (SSM/I), and Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer–EOS (AMSR-E) observations at 18–19-, 22–23-, and 36–37-GHz vertical and horizontal polarizations (V-pol and H-pol, respectively). Whereas snow water equivalent (SWE) results are similar to the results obtained with single-layer physics when the snow is dry, the multilayer physics have a better skill at capturing the overall temporal evolution of bulk density, snow temperature, and snow depth during the accumulation season, and at the onset and throughout the melting season. However, snow density profiles overestimate density at the bottom of the snowpack, consistent with the lack of an explicit representation of depth hoar in the rearrangement of mass and grain size distribution in the snowpack. Regarding the radiometric behavior, the multilayer SMMR OSS for Valdai shows improved results for nighttime simulations (descending SMMR paths, 11 p.m. LST) and H-pol ( $sim$3–5 K decrease in error statistics), particularly at 37 GHz. For daytime simulations (ascending SMMR paths, 11 a.m. LST), there are modest improvements at 18 ($sim$1 K) and 37 GHz ( $sim$2–3 K) for H-pol, and generally loss of skill for V-pol at all frequencies. Sy- tematic improvements at nighttime but not during daytime suggest that surface heterogeneities, including subgrid scale variability of transient melting, play an important role on surface emissivity. This is the case for cold land process experiment in Colorado, where spatial variability in fractional forest cover, geology, and complex topography explains the modest differences between the single and multilayer SSM/I OSS for H-pol, whereas significant gains ($sim$ 4–8 K decrease in error statistics) were attained for V-pol at 37 GHz only. For AMSR-E, the multilayer OSS looses skill for H-pol, and only bias and mean absolute error improve for V-pol at all frequencies. These somewhat mixed results suggest that representation of snow stratigraphy alone is not sufficient to improve the OSS ability to describe the nonlinear interactions among hydrologic and electromagnetic processes. Chief among these are the temporal evolution of snow correlation length with depth and the representation of subgrid scale variability constrained by the spatial resolution and inherent uncertainty of the meteorological forcing. Nevertheless, the multilayer OSS improved performance at 37 GHz is an important finding toward reducing ambiguity in the sensitivity of 37-GHz H-pol brightness temperature to SWE in retrieval models.
A field-circuit coupling computation method is proposed in this paper to reveal the special electromagnetic characteristic of a novel inductive filtering (IF) method applied in high-voltage direct current (HVDC) converter station. The new converter transformer is modeled by using 3-D finite-element method, and the surrounding fully tuned branches, for creating precondition of implementing the IF method, are modeled by using the coupled circuits. The harmonic characteristic of the load-side current is modeled by using mixed harmonic current sources. The parameter design of the coupled circuit is also performed for the coupling model. Following this, based on the established coupling model, the multiphysical characteristics (e.g., electric field, magnetic field, excitation characteristic, and core losses) are analyzed in detail. The system simulation and the experimental results validate the modeling method. All of the research results indicate that the IF method can greatly reduce the harmonic currents in the grid winding, can improve the excitation performance, can improve the electromagnetic environment, and can reduce the harmonic losses of the HVDC converter transformer.
Part 1 of System Design of Adjustable Speed Drives [1] investigated the second-order effects that occur as interactions between adjustable speed drives (ASDs) and system-connected equipment, specifically with regard to commonmode (CM) voltage and ground noise current injected in the system and differential-mode (DM) voltage spikes on the load due to ASD semiconductor switching [1]. This article (Part 2) continues the investigation by proposing high-frequency ASDs, cable, and motor models used in system simulation to identify and mitigate the complex DM or CM injected. Theoretical component models were bridged with field experience to simulate and resolve a practical low-voltage (LV) field example of parallel high horsepower inverters having instantaneous overcurrent (IOC) trip issues due to circulating CM currents between inverters and ground. Component models are also used in a system electromagnetic interference (EMI) simulation example of a power structure, which induced line-to-ground noise current in an industrial plant ground grid.
The results of optimization parameters of laser radiation and cooling surface of the skin for no traumatic warts removal using Nd: YAG-laser are presented. The mathematical model and software simulation Monte Carlo processes of interaction of laser radiation with biotissues taking into account their heterogeneous properties, absorption and scattering characteristics of individual layers, the peculiarities of cooling from the surface are developed.
The article conducts a comprehensive research on computer simulation technology of industrial boiler operation training. On the basis of analyzing the operating process of various industrial boilers and under the direction of multi-configuration technology of IFIX, an industrial boiler simulation training model is built, and a whole working condition industrial boiler simulation training system with multi industrial boiler model, integrating training and examination, and supporting large-scale distributed environment is developed.
Surface roughness has always been an essential part in the quality control of mechanical products. To investigate the impacts of roughness on various surfaces, a large number of surface specimens with different roughness parameters need to be produced by manufacturing. Whereas a more economic and reasonable substitution is using the computer simulation technique. In this study, we extend the time series model theory to a spatial random process. The principle and realization process of the generation of a rough surface with predefined property are presented in detail. The simulation results are given and show good agreements with expectation.
The modeling and simulating of radar system is a complex activity involving constructing the simulation model and simulating the system on computers. In order to solve the problem of deficiency in researching for radar simulation system, the method based on object model is proposed. It presents a general technique framework firstly and then sets up a radar system simulation model. Meanwhile, the presentation based on object model, the model translation and the interface codes generation is expatiated in sequence. Finally, it gives conclusions with our universal program framework.
To improve efficiency of action designing for intelligent toy robot, a visual action design environment is created. Compared with the text-based action designing software, it's intuitive, good usability. With this visual environment, action sequence is created and action sequence file is automatically generated. According to the data structure of action sequence and the document structure of action sequence files, an algorithm to analysis action sequence files is put forward. Then using Eon Studio as virtual simulation development platform, the analysis to complicated action sequence files and reappearance of virtual action are realized.
Large power three-level voltage source converters with IGCT are being used in medium or large power drive systems now and have prospective future. The protection system is very important to the safe operation of the converter. Method should be carefully taken to protect the converter when fault takes place in the converter, especially over-current due to short circuits in the load or in the converter itself. The converter system is introduced. With software simulation and experiment, the short circuit process of the converter is investigated. Then the schematic diagram of the inverter with protection system is designed. System experiment shows the converter has excellent performance.
In this paper the Smart Grid simulation centre facilities of the Institute for Energy and Transport (IET), Joint Research Centre (JRC) of the European Commission's (EC) are presented, providing a specific application of our work. The Smart Grid Simulation Centre is intended to combine electrical power components and communication/control equipment with system simulation tools. In this way the Centre can test grid elements and evaluate different operation scenarios under various conditions. As a specific activity the cooperation in accessing multiterminal grids is described in this paper.
Among reactor power control methods, the most commonly used one is Proportional-Integral-Derivative (PID) control method, though it is very easy to carry out, the disadvantage of this method is that the control speed is slow and the overshoot is large. Fuzzy control method of reactor power can ameliorate the PID method, but not all of them performances effective enough. After analyzing the reason why the control speed was so slow and why the large overshoot occurred under load drop working condition, this paper tabled a new method to control the reactor power - the global fuzzy control method, then control simulation was made on the reactor coolant system simulation platform. The simulation results showed that the global fuzzy control method controlled fast and had a small overshoot under load drop working condition, and almost didn't influence the steady-state error.
In recent years, the computer simulation technology in military field is applied more and more widely. It has been developed from the traditional single and centralized simulation to distribute interactive simulation. The composition of the modeling and simulation common technical framework is discussed. Based on six-element abstract modeling method, equipment maintenance support simulation modeling process is divided into conceptual modeling, object modeling and extensive model design. The advantage of unified modeling process is analyzed, and the deficiencies needed be improved are pointed out.
The brain combines and integrates multiple cues to take coherent, context-dependent action using distributed, event-based computational primitives. Computational models that use these principles in software simulations of recurrently coupled spiking neural networks have been demonstrated in the past, but their implementation in hybrid analog/digital Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) spiking neural networks remains challenging. Here, we demonstrate a distributed spiking neural network architecture comprising multiple neuromorphic VLSI chips able to reproduce these types of cue combination and integration operations. This is achieved by encoding cues as population activities of input nodes in a network of recurrently coupled VLSI Integrate-and-Fire (I&F) neurons. The value of the cue is place-encoded, while its uncertainty is represented by the width of the population activity profile. Relationships among different cues are specified through bidirectional connectivity matrices, shared between the individual input node populations and an intermediate node population. The resulting network dynamics bidirectionally relate not only the values of three variables according to a specified relation, but also their uncertainties. When cues on two populations are specified, the standard deviation of the activity in the unspecified population varies approximately linearly with the widths of the two input cues, and has less than 6%error in position compared to the value specified by the inputs. The results suggest a mechanism for recurrently relating cues such that missing information can both be recovered and assigned a level of certainty.
We study the downlink of a multicell MIMO system where clusters of multi-antenna base stations jointly serve multiple single-antenna users, commonly referred to as a network MIMO system. Most of the previous studies on network MIMO have only considered the azimuth pattern of the antenna, while ignoring the elevation pattern. In this paper, we consider both the azimuth and the elevation patterns and investigate the impact of the elevation angle tuning parameter, denoted as the antenna tilt, on the performance of such systems. Using system simulations, it is shown that the promised performance gains of network MIMO systems over conventional non-coordinated systems, crucially depend on the choice of the right tilt setting including the tilt type, i.e., mechanical or electrical, and the tilt angle. In particular, for tilt angles smaller than the optimum, network MIMO with intra-site coordination performs almost as well as the conventional system; while for tilt angles larger than the optimum, the performance of network MIMO with intra-site is similar to that of network MIMO with inter-site coordination.
Relays are introduced for LTE Rel-10 in order to improve cell edge bitrates and coverage. 3GPP has specified both inband and outband relays. In this paper, we study the protocol level aspects of relays as well as cell-edge performance of a mobile terminal with system simulations. The results indicate that when a user is performing TCP downloads and uploads, in addition to potential subframe split between the backhaul and access link, also the adopted protocol solution and increased delays have impact on the user performance. Due to this, the bitrates may degrade even with outband relays if the UE having decent macro coverage is connected to a relay. However, when the UE has bad macro coverage, then there are gains from both inband and outband relays.
Most automotive companies are facing key challenges of improving quality and reducing time to market with limited resources. One of the methods for achieving key challenges is virtual simulation test in early development phase. The methodology of creating a model-driven distributed system with communication database as well as automatically generating models from specifications is proposed. In order to detect faults of functions and inconsistency of communication signals between specifications and vehicle network, the manual and automated test methods which can verify a model-driven distributed system is represented. This was applied successfully in the production project. The usefulness of the developed methodology and the tool is well ensured through the discovery of defects.
Axonal delays are used in neural computation to implement faithful models of biological neural systems, and in spiking neural networks models to solve computationally demanding tasks. While there is an increasing number of software simulations of spiking neural networks that make use of axonal delays, only a small fraction of currently existing hardware neuromorphic systems supports them. In this paper we demonstrate a strategy to implement temporal delays in hardware spiking neural networks distributed across multiple Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) chips. This is achieved by exploiting the inherent device mismatch present in the analog circuits that implement silicon neurons and synapses inside the chips, and the digital communication infrastructure used to configure the network topology and transmit the spikes across chips. We present an example of a recurrent VLSI spiking neural network that employs axonal delays and demonstrate how the proposed strategy efficiently implements them in hardware.
In this study, Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) implementation of Conic Section Function Neural Network (CSFNN) for a classification problem focused on iris plant is presented. This work demonstrates for the first time to our knowledge, the feed-forward computation of CSFNN implementation on FPGA. Using 16-bit floating point arithmetic and the look-up tables (LUTs) for the sigmoid function and the square root function, 83%and 72%of slices and LUTs on Spartan 3-E XC3S1600E are used for the realization of CSFNN with five neurons. The classification results obtained from the FPGA implementation and software simulation show that the accuracy error between two platforms is only 0.1%.
This paper focuses on the preliminary study of effect of fluctuating wind power incorporation on the power system. The study is based on the single machine infinite bus power system simulation incorporating wind power. The difference of standard deviation of wind power has more influence to power angle and rotor speed of synchronous generator than frequency amplitude. Wind power even though can improve system stability by increase power angle, but it cause rotor speed increase. However, for rotor speed, only signal with frequency lower than 2.5Hz that deviation of wind power is significant.
This paper proposes the design of an algorithm to detect fault in underground cable for blocking auto-reclosing in distribution feeder of Metropolitan Electricity Authority (MEA). The algorithm consists of two major steps. First, overcurrent detection algorithm is applied to compare fault current with current setting. Next process, the impedance detection is used to identify the fault location base on comparing between the measuring and the setting of impedance value. Finally, these results (current & impedance) are used to make a decision of auto-recloser blocking. This paper also shows the results from software simulation and hardware simulation.
Working principle of three-level topology and modulation algorithm of space vector pulse width modulation (SVPWM) has been analyzed. And a mathematical expression of the reference voltage has been deduced. Changing the output voltage and frequency synchronously has been realized by changing the dwell time of each vector. And the V/F control demand of electric motor is achieved. In addition, the balancing control strategy of capacitor neutral point voltage balance is presented based on the proposed SVPWM algorithm by adjusting the dwell time of small vector. Finally, the whole system simulation model has been built under the environment of Matlab. The theoretical derivations and control strategies have been verified by simulations. Simulation results show that there are many advantages by using three-level topology with SVPWM control scheme such as high utilization of DC voltage, low harmonics of output voltage, the constant V/f control strategy has been obtained. An important reference value is offered for digital realization of VVVF system in this paper.
This paper proposes a method for determining the location of GSM mobile transmitters. The process discussed here estimates the location of a source without the use of multilateration or LOS techniques. A Multipath Characteristic Database (MCD) containing the multipath signatures for each possible transmitter location in an area of interest is populated via ray-tracing software simulations. The multipath characteristics of interest are Angle of Arrival (AOA), and Time Difference of Arrival (TDOA). An analysis of an eigenstructure Joint Angle and Delay Estimations (JADE) is presented, and the properties of the MCD are discussed. Since the proposed method utilizes a simulated multipath signature database the need for a priori soundings from the area of interest is eliminated, thus making this location estimation system ideal for use in hostile territories.
This paper is devoted to design two different systems for a car-like mobile robot (CLMR) with system simulation. We analyze the requirements of the CLMR system and then propose a system structure of the CLMR. On this basis, the system simulations for different reference trajectories are provided in this paper. Simulation results illustrate the dynamic performance and the effectiveness of the scheme. The CLMR system developed in this paper is composed of a micro controller unit (MCU), a servo unit, photoelectric sensors, an encoder, and four DC motors. The real-time experiments of the CLMR system are also provided. Then we compare the performance of two systems. The whole system is proved to have an excellent dynamic characteristic and stable capability. Finally, some further researches are provided on the CLMR.
An inward turning inlet scramjet digital model for real-time simulation purpose is fabricated based on a simplified one-dimensional components method. Detailed real-time performance guaranteeing suggestions are made for practical modeling procedures guidance. Standalone component and unified scramjet system simulation results presented in this paper illustrate a good agreement with professional documented scramjet researches and experimental results. A PID controller for the digital real-time scramjet model is devised, and the performance of the controlling strategy is demonstrated to be practical and robust for &#x201C;on-the-fly&#x201D; simulation purposes.
In the study of production scheduling problem, sometimes it is necessary to verify the result of the research by the simulation. ExtendSim, powerful system simulation software, can access code created in varieties of programing languages using its built-in APIs. However there is almost no relevant research literature in data interaction between ExtendSim and C#. This Paper presents a method that uses COM technology to complete it. At first, A COM interface is established on C#.Net platform. Then a simulation environment is founded in the ExtendSim. By calling the interface, ExtendSim achieves data interaction with C#.Net. What's more, this paper verifies the feasibility and effectiveness of the technology through an instance that genetic algorithm solves production scheduling problem, which adds a new solution for the simulation of the production scheduling problem.
X-parameter modeling paradigm constitutes a major advancement in circuit and system simulation and design. However being a frequency domain defined nonlinear model, its implementation in harmonic-balance simulators is not trivial. The implementation available in commercial simulators does not fully respond to the needs. In particular, the multi-tone simulations and the prediction of the dynamic effects remain challenges. This paper presents a method to implement such behavioral models into the RF engines. Despite the fact that this paper covers the implementation of X-parameter model, it's perfectly applicable to any behavioral models describing the relations between complex envelope signals.
Two time efficient simulation methods for the prediction of the conducted and radiated automotive EMC emission tests, respectively, are presented. To verify the correct prediction of the cable bundle model, a novel cable bundle test bench has been developed. It allows a fully automated network analysis with up to 32 ports. Several types of cable bundles are experimentally characterized under stochastic considerations. The system simulation for the conducted emission setup is partitioned into four parts connected on circuit level. The statistically analyzed voltage at the output of the line impedance stabilization network is in very good agreement to respective measurements. To simulate the radiated emission a novel method is presented, where the setup is partitioned by the use of Huygens principle. The simulated prediction of the antenna voltage is in good agreement with respective measurements. The presented approaches are very time efficient and therefore can be used effectively during product development.
Polymer electrolyte membrane (PEM) fuel cell systems are highly efficient energy converters. Besides electrical power, low oxygen concentration cathode exhaust gas, water and heat are the byproducts if fed with pure hydrogen gas. So, this technology has become very attractive for the use on aircraft where it is investigated as replacement for the auxiliary power unit that is currently used for electrical power generation. Hence, controlling the fuel cell system for electrical power is a central topic. The electrical power output, however, is nonlinearly dependent on stack temperature, gas pressure, membrane humidity and stack current that is being drawn. This study deals with the controls of electrical power of an air and hydrogen fed self-powered fuel cell system. For controller design the nonlinear polarization curve is approximated by a linear current-voltage-characteristic. Based on a feedback-linearization approach a nonlinear control law for fuel cell system power is presented and implemented in a nonlinear fuel cell system simulation model. Even though the polarization curve is a linear approximation, the nonlinear control law leads to a fast response and zero steady state error.
Multidestination communications are a highly necessary capability for many coherence protocols in order to minimize on-chip hit latency. Although CMPs share this necessity, up to now few suitable proposals have been developed. The combination of resource scarcity and the common idea that multicast support requires a substantial amount of extra resources is responsible for this situation. In this work, we propose a new approach suitable for on-chip networks capable of managing multidestination traffic via hardware in an efficient way with negligible complexity. We introduce a novel multicast routing mechanism, able to circumvent many of the limitations of conventional multicast schemes. Adaptive-tree multicasting is able to maintain correctness for multiflit multicast messages without routing restrictions, while also coupling correctness and performance in a natural way. Replication restrictions not only guarantee the presence of enough resources to avoid deadlock, but also dynamically adapt tree shape to network conditions, routing multicast messages through noncongested paths. The performance results, using a state-of-the-art full system simulation framework, show that it improves the average full system performance of a CMP by 20 percent and network ED2P by 15 percent, when compared to a state-of-the-art router with conventional multicast support and similar implementation cost.
The growth of building integrated photovoltaic (BIPV) systems in low-voltage (LV) networks has the potential to raise several technical issues, including voltage unbalance and distribution system efficiency. This paper proposes an energy storage system (ESS) for mitigating voltage unbalance as well as improving the efficiency of the network. In the study, a power system simulation tool, namely PSCAD, is used to model two generic LV networks, BIPV systems and an ESS in order to simulate the performance of the networks with various levels of BIPV penetrations. A control algorithm is developed and implemented in the energy storage model in order to study the ability of the ESS to mitigate network voltage unbalance and reduce losses. Experimental studies are carried out in the experimental small-scale energy zone to investigate the effectiveness of the energy storage system under various levels of PV penetration and load conditions. The simulation and experimental studies carried out clearly show the effectiveness of the ESS in reducing the voltage unbalance factor and improving the efficiency of the two networks considered.
We present a novel method for tuning geometric acoustic simulations based on ray tracing. Our formulation computes sound propagation paths from source to receiver and exploits the independence of visibility tests and validation tests to dynamically guide the simulation to high accuracy and performance. Our method makes no assumptions of scene layout and can account for moving sources, receivers, and geometry. We combine our guidance algorithm with a fast GPU sound propagation system for interactive simulation. Our implementation efficiently computes early specular paths and first order diffraction with a multiview tracing algorithm. We couple our propagation simulation with an audio output system supporting a high order interpolation scheme that accounts for attenuation, cross fading, and delay. The resulting system can render acoustic spaces composed of thousands of triangles interactively.
In order to reduce accidents in nuclear power plant, simulation for operator training and system validation precommission is very important. The application of Foxboro I/A control system in nuclear power plant leads to the development of its virtual simulation software. In this paper, a reasonable structure of its virtual software is established. Real-time server software VCP and human-machine interface VWP form the two parts of the virtual simulation software. The VCP is built by VC6.0++; the VWP page is embedded by ActiveX dynamic OCX and browsed by IE. The Virtual simulation software for Foxboro I/A control system is crucial to security and economy of nuclear power plant in present and in the future.
Today, digital type power system simulators are used within many areas of development including protection system test, in respect of its excellent track record. However, in the protective relaying system test, the operation of the test system becomes complex because numerous power system parameters and switching conditions need to be set following a predetermined sequence. And professional power system expertise is always required in order to set up the power system simulation environment. This paper describes the challenge of developing a user-friendly control system for a protection relay panel testing system using an RTDS&#x00AE; simulator. In this system, we have developed user-friendly interface equipment to connect to the relay system in order to control relay conditions and for recording the output signals of the relay system under test. Dedicated control software was developed to automatically control the RTDS&#x00AE; equipment, switch protection relay system conditions and record test results. We also developed an automatic recording and display function for test results. The system has proved to be an effective test system for the testing of protection relay systems.
This paper proposes a breaker switching strategy for selective protection of a typical shipboard power system A mapping relationship between the fault characters and the breaker switching strategy is established based on the back propagation neural networks (BPNN). The designing process of the BPNN intelligent protection was described in detail. In order to prove the effectiveness of the proposed protection scheme, a close-loop testing system including power system simulation and fault detection program was established. Moreover, an intelligent protection prototype has been developed, which is tested by the AC radial distribution system. By use of the Hypersim real-time close-loop testing system, further tests are conducted for a more complex system.
It has very important theoretical and practical values to research fault diagnosis of nonlinear system because of its universality and complexity. Up to now, there have been few fault diagnosis methods for nonlinear time-delay system. This paper proposes a fault diagnosis and estimation method(FDEM) for a class of nonlinear time-delay system based on P-type iterative learning. Different from the other methods, FDEM introduces a parameter called dummy fault to approach actual fault using P-type iterative learning policy. Besides, FDEM not only can track system fault quickly, but it also can estimate fault signals precisely. Two typical nonlinear time-delay system simulation results are given. Furthermore, HVDC(High Voltage Direct Circuit)system is analyzed detailedly and FDEM is used for fault diagnosis of HVDC system.
Secondary development on the advanced and mature simulation platform achieves the simulation goals rapidly. Combined with the futures of the airborne anti-submarine combats, the distributed interactive simulation system based on the MAK is built. The CGF framework of airborne anti-submarine and the sensor, controller and actuator of the components are researched. The Stealth and VegaPrime are used to develop visual simulation system of anti-submarine helicopter submarine. The battlefield environment above and under water is simulated. The primary simulation case works. The results can be referred by the combat simulation system which is built on the MAK platform.
Molecular dynamics is an important computational tool to simulate and understand biochemical processes at atomic level. However, large system simulations with many atoms and numerous time steps require huge amount of calculation and in traditional CPU, it is time-consuming. During the past few years, graphics processing units have become an important computing platform in many scientific fields, especially in high performance computing community. In this paper,implementation of solute-solute and solute-solvent interaction calculation with NVIDIA's Tesla C1060 will be presented. Therefore, the implementation enables users of GROMOS software for biomolecular simulation to run the whole nonbonded interaction evaluation on the GPU. Our experimental results are ten to twenty times faster than the conventional sequential implementation running on the CPU core.
The concept, application and implementation of a digital oversampling topology suitable for fractional and asyn- chronous oversampling are presented in this work. The presented concept enables a larger variety of oversampling factors. Thus, the maximum possible oversampling frequency can be increased. Therefore, the signal-to-noise ratio of a subsequent delta-sigma modulator can be increased. Transmitter frontends using ?? modulation for an increased effective resolution are the focused application for this concept. In these topologies oversampling factors are limited by aspects as the carrier frequency or the fixed sampling rate of the baseband digital signal processor. Cir- cumventing these limits can increased significant the performance of a such a transmitter frontend. The presented topology enables fractional and asynchronous oversampling based on the input and output clock signal. By generating intermediate clock signals timing violations are avoided. Thus, data samples can cross from a slower to a faster clock domain. This oversampling circuit adds only four register stages. Hence, the complexity is only marginally increased. Aliases of the oversampled signal are suppress by an flexible anti-alias filter. Furthermore, the presented filter allows wideband alias suppression to enable wideband signals like long term evolution (LTE). Therefore, the resulting signals are usable for delta-sigma modulation. The presented concept is evaluated by system simulations and verified timing simulations on synthesised circuits in a current 65nm CMOS process.
Based on the principle of gear generating, theoretical research and VB software simulation about undercut are presented in this paper. The rack cutter is used to infer minimum teeth without undercutting of stub tooth in volute gear, stub tooth helical gear and stub tooth straight bevel gear. And, which are respectively analyzed and calculated. Thus, correct minimum teeth without undercutting are got, theoretical analysis and calculation on the in volute stub tooth gear have been carried out. Then, minimum teeth without undercutting can be obtained, and use VB software to carry on simulation for verifying the validity of the theoretical calculation.
After considering the rack cutter's addendum, the minimum teeth without undercutting of spur gears with 20<sup>o</sup>, 22.5<sup>o</sup> and 25<sup>o</sup> pressure angle were carried out analysis and comparison in this paper. On the basic of gear generating principles, origin and basic architecture of undercutting were presented, and the phenomenon of undercutting was theoretically investigated. And, there also are simulated result by means of VB and experimental results in this paper. The rack cutter is used to infer minimum teeth without undercutting of in volute gears with the pressure angle of 22.5<sup>o</sup> and 25<sup>o</sup>, and correct minimum teeth without undercutting are got when the pressure angle are respectively 22.5<sup>o</sup> and 25<sup>o</sup>. Then, virtual simulations in the circumstance of software VB are applied to verify the validity of theoretical calculations.
This paper presents a digital resampling circuit for RFDAC based transmitter systems. For these kinds of transmitters the data rate controlling the output cells has to be an integer fraction of the local oscillator, while the baseband sample rate is derived from bitrate or OFDM channel spacing. The presented system allows a resampling without generating sample time violations. There is no need of oversampling the signals. The presented architecture leads to an overall EVM of 1.5%in system simulations, employing dithering. The system increases linear with the bitwidth of the processed signals. The design occupies 50 micrometer x 60micrometer in a 65nm CMOS technology.
SystemC is a widespread language for HW/SW system simulation and design exploration, and thus a key development platform in embedded system design. However, the growing complexity of SoC designs is having an impact on simulation performance, leading to limited SoC exploration potential, which in turns affects development and verification schedules and time-to-market for new designs. Previous efforts have attempted to parallelize SystemC simulation, targeting both multiprocessors and GPUs. However, for practical designs, those approaches fall far short of satisfactory performance. This paper proposes SAGA, a novel simulation approach that fully exploits the intrinsic parallelism of RTL SystemC descriptions, targeting GPU platforms. By limiting synchronization events with ad-hoc static scheduling and separate independent dataflows, we shows that we can simulate complex SystemC descriptions up to 16 times faster than traditional simulators.
Large power three-level voltage source converters with IGCT are being used in medium or large power drive systems now and have prospective future. The protection system is very important to the safe operation of the converter. Method should be carefully taken to protect the converter when fault takes place in the converter, especially over-current due to short circuits in the load or in the converter itself. The converter system is introduced. With software simulation and experiment, the short circuit process of the converter is investigated. Then the schematic diagram of the inverter with protection system is designed. System experiment shows the converter has excellent performance.
Polymer electrolyte membrane (PEM) fuel cell systems are highly efficient energy converters. Besides electrical power, low oxygen concentration cathode exhaust gas, water and heat are the byproducts if fed with pure hydrogen gas. So, this technology has become very attractive for the use on aircraft where it is investigated as replacement for the auxiliary power unit that is currently used for electrical power generation. Hence, controlling the fuel cell system for electrical power is a central topic. The electrical power output, however, is nonlinearly dependent on stack temperature, gas pressure, membrane humidity and stack current that is being drawn. This study deals with the controls of electrical power of an air and hydrogen fed self-powered fuel cell system. For controller design the nonlinear polarization curve is approximated by a linear current-voltage-characteristic. Based on a feedback-linearization approach a nonlinear control law for fuel cell system power is presented and implemented in a nonlinear fuel cell system simulation model. Even though the polarization curve is a linear approximation, the nonlinear control law leads to a fast response and zero steady state error.
In this paper, a circularly polarized (CP) E-shaped microstrip single layer patch antenna is designed and analyzed for RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) reader applications. It has one port excited with microstrip line feed mechanism. The physical parameters of the novel structure as well as its partial ground plane are analyzed and optimized using commercial computer simulation technology (CST) simulation packages. Return loss (S<sub>11</sub>), voltage standing wave ratio (VSWR), directivity and gain are carried out. The results show that the proposed antenna has good impedance and radiation characteristics over the required bandwidth, 860-960 MHz (UHF RFID band). The return loss of the optimized E-shaped microstrip patch antenna is below 10dB over the UHF frequency band. The proposed antenna is very promising for various modern communication applications.
Mathematical and electronic models of temperature characteristics of solar cells and photovoltaic modules in a function to increase energy efficiency of the cells and the modules are considered and presented in the paper. Temperature analysis of solar cell current, open circuit voltage and power of solar cell is given. Obtained results are compared with results of software simulations for one practically used photovoltaic module.
It's very useful to build a distributed interactive simulation system during the development of a new type of satellite. In order to apply the simulation system to various types of satellites, a universal on-board interactive simulation framework based on CAN bus is established. The simulation members are designed according to the composition of actual satellite system. Interfaces of drivers included in simulation members are packaged into a common interface, thus the problem of interfaces and communications between different members is solved. The on-board simulation system is established with the foundation of a CAN bus simulation framework, which actual hardware can join in for a testing or validation. The framework of simulation flow is described, and the foundation of intercommunion and operation between simulation members is laid down. Experiment results prove that the framework can work stably with great efficiency and high flexibility, and expected effect is achieved.
A novel compact size of reconfigurable E-shaped microstrip single patch antenna was designed and analyzed for dual-band at 3.02 GHz and 6.38 GHz frequencies. The basic antenna was designed to operate at 3.02 GHz and with reconfigurability in frequency, it will operate at 6.38 GHz. The physical parameters of the novel structure as well as its partial ground plane will be analyzed and optimized using commercial computer simulation technology (CST) packages. Return loss (S<sub>11</sub>), voltage standing wave ratio (VSWR) and gain will be carried out. The return loss of the optimized reconfigurable E-shaped microstrip patch antenna has to be less than -10dB at 3.02 GHz and 6.38 GHz frequencies band. The reconfigurable antenna was then to be measured by vector network analyzer (VNA) to carry out its S<sub>11</sub> and VSWR result. The result from simulation and measurement will be compared. The proposed antenna is very promising for various modern communication applications such as wireless and satellite application.
To improve efficiency of action designing for intelligent toy robot, a visual action design environment is created. Compared with the text-based action designing software, it's intuitive, good usability. With this visual environment, action sequence is created and action sequence file is automatically generated. According to the data structure of action sequence and the document structure of action sequence files, an algorithm to analysis action sequence files is put forward. Then using Eon Studio as virtual simulation development platform, the analysis to complicated action sequence files and reappearance of virtual action are realized.
The modeling and simulating of radar system is a complex activity involving constructing the simulation model and simulating the system on computers. In order to solve the problem of deficiency in researching for radar simulation system, the method based on object model is proposed. It presents a general technique framework firstly and then sets up a radar system simulation model. Meanwhile, the presentation based on object model, the model translation and the interface codes generation is expatiated in sequence. Finally, it gives conclusions with our universal program framework.
Hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) simulation has been widely used in systems development and algorithm verification in many fields. This paper presents a simulation system by using this method in the field of wireless communication. The simulation system is composed of control panel, software module and hardware module. Distribute interactive simulation, collaboration between different subsystems and data security can be accomplished through main control and management. In the part of hardware, we design Ethernet-oriented protocol for module communication and control executive module realized in FPGA (Cyclone IV 4CE115). At last, we introduce energy detection algorithm based on Neyman-pearson criterion which is verified in this system. The result shows that simulation system can accomplish complex simulation by means of data and resource analysis and parameter optimization in real time.
According to the basic theory of wavelet, this paper used matlab software simulation to study image compression problem. Compared with traditional methods, it is more simple and effective. Wavelet image compression technology solves the contradiction of time and frequency domains localization which can not be achieved by the Fourier transform. For improving the image compression ratio and compression speed this study has actual reference value.
This paper according to the traditional PID control system of the nonlinear time-varying, is not easy to realize the on-line adjustment of the flaw and proposed one kind based on the FPGA (Field Programmable Gate Array), implementation of fuzzy PID control algorithm and its application to brushless DC motor speed control system. Using VHDL (Very High Speed Integrated Circuit HardwareDescription Language) language and Quartus II built-in macro module on the PID modules are constructed. In the construction of the PID module based on fuzzy control theory to join. The application of Matlab system simulation tools and Quartus II waveform simulator to construct fuzzy PID module simulation, and the application of fuzzy PID module on brushless DC motor speed control, then make whole speed control system is more reliable. The simulation results show that: based on FPGA realizing fuzzy PID control system has the advantages of simple structure, easy modification and can make the system reach the speed more stable results.
The finite element modeling and the numerical simulation of general main girder demand profound mechanical knowledge and engineering experience, so it is very difficult and needs more time. For this situation, this paper puts forward a secondary development based on ANSYS and sets up a virtual simulation platform used in general main girder's design. The complexity of verification and checking on the design plan of crane main girder is reduced and a quick FEA modeling and simulation is made possible. It also offered an effective help on manufacture of crane products.
The difficulties faced by hearing and speech impaired people in communicating with others and among themselves can be easily overcome by building an assistive communication system. This real time communication system enables differently impaired people to communicate among themselves without an intermediate human translator. The proposed system is a potential human-computer and computer-human interaction for hearing and speech impaired people with normal people. This is achieved using Natural Voice processing and Digital Image Processing algorithms. The algorithm used, takes necessary precautions to combat a noisy environment and is particularly effective for human voice as it represents the speech in the Mel Cepstrum domain (B.P.Bogert, M.J.R.Healy, and J.W.Tukey-1963). A database is used to maintain the back-end of the system and efficient matching algorithms are employed. The system simulation has been done in MATLAB to build this community assistive digital communication system.
The overlay cognitive radio paradigm presents a framework where a secondary user exploits the knowledge of the primary user's message to improve spectrum utilization. A multicarrier broadcast network is one of the scenarios where this knowledge is possible: the secondary user could join a single frequency network and, therefore, gain access to the primary message. However, if the primary signal is received with a strong line of sight component, its relaying from the secondary transmitter does not suffice to ensure the primary user quality of service. In this paper we study the scenario where a secondary transmitter maximizes its own transmission rate, keeping the quality of a primary receiver over a given threshold. The analytical results, based on bit error rate bounds, are verified by means of software simulations and hardware tests.
In recent years there has been significant growth in the use of video games technologies and game mechanics for teaching and learning. These environments and techniques offer the ability to create complex, highly interactive simulations with solid theoretical underpinnings to present teaching material in new and highly interactive ways. This paper discusses and practically demonstrates how video games mechanics can be used to create highly immersive and engaging user experiences to teach engineering related material. Circuit Warz; The Games, project is introduced and demonstrates how a game-based approach, using a collaborative team-based competitive format, can be used to create immersive, highly engaging student learning experiences.
To improve the interoperability, reusability and dynamic adaptability of distributed interactive simulation architecture, we could draw on the grid resource management and SOA service design concept, separate the simulation data and perform logic, and consider Service as the only format of interactttion between simulation members with support environmental. Besides, the research puts forward the service-oriented simulate-on architecture SOSA, provides the design for a service-oriented lightweight distributed simulation environment SOSA-RTI and prototype system development, and gives a simple comparative analysis with the HLA/RTI. It indicates that SOSA-RTI is suitable for the coarse-grained distributed simulation applications in large-scale WAN.
Phase-field method is the effective method to simulate microstructure as a kind of numerical computer simulation technology. On the basis of the free energy functional, the anisotropy is introduced into the phase-field model which applied to the solidification process, and the side-Branch competitive growth, ripen and solute micro-segregation in the free dendrite growth are realized. The simulation results show that the instability and morphology selection of dendrite are influenced by anisotropy strength. If the anisotropy coefficient is 0 or little, equiaxed dendrite will not bring. Under the same condition, the dendrite will grow faster with the increase of anisotropy coefficient. But if the anisotropy coefficient value (0.06) is over large, dendrite variation will appear, the simulation conclusion is consistent with theoretical predictions.
Digital signal processing is one of the most important major specialty foundation courses in the field of communication engineering and electronic information engineering specialty. According to the content of the course, project teaching method is adopted to combine spectrum analysis with software simulation. Projects of unit impulse response and design content of digital filter are combined with factual application design closely, which enable students to learn different techniques of digital signal processing to meet practical needs. This is beneficial to help students develop innovation spirit and practice ability.
To raise the polishing efficiency of polycrystalline diamond (PCD) superhard material, crank rocker arm mechanism has been developed by using computer simulation technology. On the basis of kinematics and geometry principle, the mathematical model for the crank rocker arm mechanism was established. The movement path and the instantaneous speed of the workpiece center point on the crank rocker arm were derived. The computer dynamic simulation software was developed and the path curve and instantaneous speed have been figured. Before the crank rocker arm mechanism was applied in the machining process, the effect of the length of varies arms on the path curve and the instantaneous speed has been researched. The optimal parameters combinations which can fulfill the application requirement were found. The optimal mechanism has been applied in the polishing process of polycrystalline diamond. The polishing efficiency is one and a half times higher than conventional method. The application of computer simulation software provides a simple and effective method for designing or optimizing the machine.
This paper reports a prototype implementation of 3D Fluid-Structure Simulation. In this implementation, heartbeat fluid flows inside a rectangular tube where the operator can interactively change the width of the tube. In order to achieve interactive simulation speed, some parts of the simulation is accelerated by GPU. For further improvement of the simulation speed, two techniques have been examined: the first one reduces the communication between CPU and GPU, and the second one offloads a whole fluid flow simulation onto GPU.
The paper investigates a new duct design method for exhaust duct system in the industrial buildings. An exhaust duct system was designed using system simulation and a correction process method. The research shows that the method contains a simple computational procedure and takes into account the pressure balancing adjustment under certain limits on space or flow velocity. Therefore, application of the method in the design of a duct system can substantially improve the design efficiency.
This study introduces a conceptual model for cognitive work ability. Factors influencing CWA were identified in the context of intensive care unit (ICU) nursing. Senior nurses (45 and above) were subjected to a virtual simulation of an emergency ICU situation with three patients to care for. Color cues in the vital signs monitor, visual cues in the physician's orders, abnormalities and arrangement of medicine in the e-cart were adjusted into different settings to produce two trials per nurse. Color cues, visual cues and alphabetical arrangement were found to improve response time and accuracy. Greater task complexity also led to poorer performance quality. Other relationships in the CWA model were also validated.
The interoperability between simulation environment and C4ISR (Command, Control, Communication, Computer, Intelligence, Surveillance, Reconnaissance) system is a key technology in the domain of military system simulation. This context starts from analyzing the demand of integration between simulation environment and C4ISR system, and researches the interactive models between them. Meantime, this context brings forward two types of integration methods including simulation agent and double-net structure, and then gives a comparison.
With the development of distributed simulation technology, firstly this paper based on the service-oriented technology, presents a service-oriented network simulation construction and operation models to meet the future military system simulation new demands. Secondly, we particularly present relevant research on the network simulation supporting platform and interrelated core services, focusing on operation support platform architecture and construction and operation of the simulation application services under the architecture. End of the paper gives the key technologies analysis for future explanation of the operation support platform, including multi-CoST Management, virtual scheduling and simulation core services management.
In this paper, a contact-less power charger for robot applications is studied and developed. Non-contact charging can be achieved by a separable magnetic-transformer design. The transformer primary core is in the charger unit and the secondary core is in the robots. The transformer air-gap is equal to the distance between these two parts. By theoretical analysis, software simulations and circuit implementation, the relationships between the transformer's coupling coefficient and the core geometry and gap are formulated. In addition, a high-efficiency circuit topology for the studied contact-less charger is fulfilled. It is anticipated that the research results of this paper can contribute to the development of the contact-less charging techniques for robot systems.
Traditional software tools developed for distribution system simulation and overcurrent protection coordination need to be revised to cope with the progressive integration of renewable distributed energy resources (DERs) in distribution grid to achieve better relay protection and coordination. Meanwhile, adoption of the microgrid concept results in certain problem for the protective relays using conventional techniques because of the downstream sources that can feed the fault and also the appreciable difference between the utility-grid connected mode and autonomous (islanded) mode. Traditional distribution grid protection is based on the overcurrent scheme with the flow of fault current from the upstream sources. However, the protection confronts with two main issues: firstly, the radial configuration of the distribution network is jeopardized by the distributed resources; and secondly the DERs have a stochastic nature and the contribution of fault current from the downstream is no longer a certain parameter that could be evaluated at the design stage. This paper analyzes the new requirements and strategies expected to be included in the traditional software tools in order to be applicable for the complex future distribution grids.
The paper describes some results of a preliminary analysis of a pilot project for the exploitation of energy storage devices on the distribution system. The storage has been used for load levelling and voltage support and its performances have been obtained with software simulations based on real data. Emphasis has been placed on the importance of the optimal sizing and siting of the storage device.
Micro-grid is a new concept gained significant attentions due to the increasing distributed energy sources. Several micro-grid test beds in the forms of either hardware or software simulation have been developed around the world. In Taiwan, one 20KVA 3W3&#x00D8; micro-grid test bed has been conducted in National Tsing Hua University (NTHU). This micro-grid consists of various fundamental power system components, including two synchronous generators (SG), one fixed speed induction generator (FSIG), and one doubly-fed induction generator (DFIG). In this paper, simulation results of the NTHU micro-grid system in distributed real-time simulation platform OPAL-RT are reported. Dynamical modeling of various distributed generations (DG) will be studied. Control strategies for DGs are verified through simulations on two different scenarios: (1) transition from the grid-connected mode to the islanding mode, and (2) load variation in the islanding mode.
The integration of distributed energy resources into low and medium voltage networks will have profound impact on distribution network reconfiguration. In this paper, the impact of DG on distribution network reconfiguration is analyzed in both normal operation and post-fault scenarios with different load levels. Distribution system simulation is performed with the Open Distribution Simulator Software (OpenDSS). Due to the intrinsic nonlinear and non-differentiable mixed-integer nature of the problem, simulated annealing is used as the optimization algorithm. Using the proposed method, a case study of IEEE 33-bus system gives positive conclusions: in normal operation, the integration of DG increases the number of distribution network reconfiguration feasible solutions and reduces the total network loss of the optimal solution; while in post-fault condition, feasible solution can emerge with the integration of DG where there isn't any feasible solution originally. The integration of DG helps to ensure network power supply.
Computer simulations need a large amount of computational resources. We've believed that tightly-coupled computer is the first choice to perform the large scale simulations. This approach developing supercomputers never allows users to execute the interactive simulations so far. Here, a real time simulation indicates an interactive or streaming supercomputing, not batch queue one. The advantage of the streaming can be found when users execute coupled simulations combining a number of different simulations. To overcome the conventional batch queue supercomputing, we consider the effect of the characteristics of the internet. We proposed a strategic streaming supercomputing model to estimate total cost of the coupled simulation in widely distributed computing environment.
In order to obtain a better human-machine engineering implementation effect and get a faster feedback during the bridge designing, the paper suggested a virtual simulation and evaluation method. And by using of the software Visual C++, MultiGen and Vega, an evaluation simulation system was also built. Such a system can display the whole layout of the bridge, evaluate the key human-machine designing elements and do real-time simulation. It can also provide decision supporting to the designers. Through actual usage proof, the method is quite availability and has practical value.
To develop antisubmarine searching decision-making system, discrete event system simulation is researched with applications. Based on force turning event generation, the search progress is divided into sequential linear spaces, and analytic equations are established for find event generation. Simulation experiment for large number of specimens is implemented with parallel computing, and efficiency analysis for experiment data is implemented.
Data creditability plays a very important role in the complex system simulation creditability. From the point of how to evaluate and improve the complex system simulation data creditability, the concept of the data quality modeling is advanced and the three-dimension data quality modeling space is founded. Based on which, a multiple attributes decision making theory based data creditability evaluating method is put forward. Taking the joint simulation and experiment as a typical application area, the application of the data creditability evaluating method is discussed initially.
Introducing System simulation and modelling course as well as laboratory in the curriculum of computer science and information science program is of great challenge. The course focuses more on discrete event system. In laboratory, experiments are conducted using simulation software tools like Flexsim&#x00AE; or Arena&#x00AE;, where discrete system are realized by modelling and simulating job manufacturing process. These tools fail to narrate computer science and engineering related environment. The feedback collected by student during academic year 2010-11 clearly shows that the course is not connected with the program, and they find tools used focuses more on mechanical manufacturing process. The students have strongly recommended eliminating this course from curriculum. An attempt is made to address these issues in academic year 2011-12, by redesigning the laboratory content so as to bridge these gaps. The laboratory content is divided into two parts; A and B. The term works of Part A is simulation of system using Flexsim&#x00AE; tool, while Part B is designed with the objective that the student should be able to design and develop simulation tool for computer network or operating system domain by integrating emerging technology such as C# with .NET and OpenGL or Windows Presentation Form. These new initiatives have resulted in better learn-ability among students, as well as it has enhanced the skill to model and simulate a given system. The feedback collected during academic year 2011-12 reveals diminishing results. The students find this course more related to the program.
For the configuration of the auxiliary feedwater system of Daya Bay Second-generation Nuclear Power Station, this paper establishes the auxiliary feedwater system by using of one-dimensional fluid analysis software Flowmaster. By carrying out transient analysis, we get the system simulation results of the three cases of rapid closure of valve, slow closure of valve, an addition accumulator added upstream of the rapidly closing valve. To compare with the results of different configuration, this paper put forward that slow closure of valve or an addition accumulator added upstream of the rapidly closing valve can suppress flow fluctuation and water hammer effect. Thus, more reasonable solutions for the safe operation of the system are provided.
Based on the research VSCF doubly-fed wind power systems, it Focus on the line side converter three level. The neutral point clamp in three level converter as line side converter, and it gives its topology structure and equivalent circuit. In PSCAD /EMTDC software environment, the mathematical modeling and system simulation are given, and the simulation results show that the system realized the dc bus voltage stability and can achieve maximum wind tracking.So as to improve the quality of the output waveform and the utilization rate of wind power generation system.
Consider the parametric excitation, studied the characteristics of fifth nonlinear duffing chaotic system. By applying geometric theory of dynamical systems, bifurcation theory and infinitesimal calculus, obtain the homoclinic orbit of fifth duffing equation. Using Melnikov method determines the initial chaotic condition of system and perturbation equation. By means of numerical calculation and computer simulation analysis, get the numerical solution, and on this basis to draw a clear chaos picture and continuous repetition of the Poincare map. Numerical simulations show that this method is an extraordinary effective method to study the fifth nonlinear duffing system.
Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS), such as networked control systems, are increasingly deployed over wireless networks. Given the sensitivity of control systems to networking conditions such as packet drops, delays and jitters, it is important to verify and evaluate the control system properties under realistic wireless networking deployment scenarios. However, current research is often based on simplistic models of the wireless network physical layer behaviors. In this paper, we point out deficiencies in the existing simulation methods for the performance evaluation of wireless networked control systems and present a novel simulation framework for wireless network control systems. Our approach aims at capturing the effects in the physical layer more accurately than state-of-art simulators are capable of. An integrated simulation tool, based on open-source solutions, is presented and a case study of a networked control system is also provided to illustrate the capabilities of our simulation tool.
There were many ways of modulation in the laser communication system. In order to verify that PolSK modulation was the most suitable technology for space laser communication system, we analyzed the implementation principle of several signal modulation ways in this paper. By combing the theoretical analysis and software simulation, we make an analysis and comparative study through five aspects in the function of the PolSK modulation and the traditional modulation ways, including transmission rate in the unit, bandwidth requirements, transmission capacity, the average power utilization and error performance. The results indicated that PolSK modulation possess a higher transmission rate in the unit, a lower bandwidth requirements, and a larger transmission capacity. The most important thing was that PolSK modulation mode had a superior performance and a strong anti-air channel interference activity compared with the traditional modulation in a weak turbulence conditions. So PolSK modulation mode was suitable for laser communication system.
In recent years, due to the rising penetration of wind energy conversion systems (WECS) into the electricity networks, increasingly comprehensive studies and accurate dynamic models are required to analyze its behavior under grid faults. A complete model of a pitch-controlled variable-speed wind turbine driven by a doubly fed induction generator (DFIG) and its control scheme are implemented. All encompassed subsystems, such as wind turbine, pitch actuator, two-mass drive train model, DFIG model, converters and protections are modeled in FORTRAN using the power system simulation software PSS/E. A cascade control structure is used where the outer control loop concerns the speed control and the inner control loop is responsible for the electrical control. Additionally, a frequency control support is developed in order to accomplish with the Grid Codes requirements enhancing the grid power quality. The model performance under various system disturbances is tested by means of simulations.
High voltage Marx generator along with a high pressure spark gap switch is a key component in systems that generate high power microwaves. This paper presents modelling and analysis of high pressure spark gap switch. In this paper, the three-dimensional static and dynamic electromagnetic spark gap model is simulated using computer simulation technology (CST) electromagnetic studio and microwave studio. The resistance and inductance model of the switch is developed and analysed to study the peak voltage of the output pulse generated by the switch for gases under different pressure.
Static mechanical error is a key factor that must be taken into account for multi-axis measuring equipments in precision measurement. Many static mechanical error sources are analyzed in the paper with computer-aided modeling method, and the error correction method is also discussed based on error modeling. Based on the above mentioned mathematical models, a computer four-axis virtual analysis platform is developed using computer simulation techniques in this paper, which verifies the real-time error correction function of the four-linkage mechanism and the measuring path. The study of this paper uses the computer-aided modeling method to analyze the measured results of the tooth surface of the spiral bevel gear, and some experiments are carried out to find out the differences between the results that have been corrected and the ones haven't been. The computer four-axis virtual platform system can provide an accurate and reliable way for the static error analysis of four-linkage mechanism, and with this study, an effective way to evaluate the uncertainty of the measurement is provided.
Power System Analysis Software Package (PSASP) is widely used in power system simulation. The design of PSASP faces many changeable factors. Several design patterns in object-oriented programming are applied in the design of PSASP to reduce the difficulty and complexity of PSASP software design. It is proved that applying design patterns in the design of PSASP can simplify the structure of software, improve the reusability of code and effectively face the challenge of changing. In this article, the application of MVC, composite, bridge, decorator, command, and abstract factory design patterns are presented and described in detail.
Considering the electromagnetic railgun structure features, an applied model has been established by modularization modeling method. Because model validation plays a key role in system simulation for analysis and optimization of railgun, a novel validation method is proposed in this paper. By utilizing the railgun dynamic test and predicted data, the simulation model is validated based on theil's inequality coefficient (TIC) method. To execute sufficient validation of the model and improve reliability of the validation results, similarity theory is adopted to analyze the credibility of simulation model by comparing the characteristics of the railgun. Inspired by analytic hierarchy process (AHP) for multiple attribute decision making, we define the muzzle velocity, current peak and discharging time as evaluation index for assessing the credibility of the simulation model and then evaluation structure is established. The final synthesis results demonstrate the feasibility of the adopted validation method and the validity of the modular model. The whole system model is run under MATLAB software platform, which is divided into several main components encapsulated into classes by object-oriented technology. On the basis of the validated model, an optimization pursuing highest velocity with the constraint of the current peak and the residual current in the rail is carried out to find a set of optimal parameters for the railgun using genetic algorithm.
With the development of power, armature and rail, many types of electromagnetic launcher systems were built for scientific research or military application over the last 30 years. System-level simulation provides a useful tool to better understand electromagnetic launcher operation and evaluate the comprehensive performance of railgun for different purpose. In this paper we present a novel simulation approach to provide faster and scalable simulation for various railgun. To reflect more vivid details of the operation and make good use of the simulation results, the function and structure of the platform are studied. The key technologies including object-oriented modeling, distributed interactive simulation, virtual reality and simulation process management are presented, which can efficiently ensure model reuse, visualization of railgun operation and control of the simulation process. Then, the simulation platform is developed as a federation within High Level Architecture framework. The advantages of the proposed approach and platform have been demonstrated through the comparison between two railgun system with different propulsion component including solid metal armature and plasma armature. Simulation results show that the plasma armature railgun accelerates the projectile to velocity in excess of the other one, but causes more serious damage on rail. Meanwhile, the visualization of the launch process and simulation results is accomplished in the form of curve and scene by the platform. Furthermore, the simulation methodology makes it convenient to interoperate existing simulation system and lays foundation for the implementation of larger scale simulation for scientific research or other applications.
One major topic of research into SON technology is the coordination of SON use cases. Network operators expect a coordinated handling of the parameter and configuration changes submitted to the operating network by closed-loop SON use case implementations. Beside a published conceptual framework, SON coordination has already been treated in the literature, especially regarding the mobility load balancing (MLB) and mobility robustness optimization (MRO) use cases. In this paper, we utilize the capacity and coverage optimization (CCO) and MLB use cases. Rather than performing any heading or tailing coordination of separate CCO and MLB algorithms, in our work we concentrate on the optimization considering both use cases in a joint algorithm. Our approach introduces cell-individual loads and the joint treatment of cell selection policies and antenna tilt settings into well-known and previously reported optimization concepts. Using system simulations of a sample LTE real deployment scenario, we verify that our joint optimization of antenna tilts and cell selection rules including the notion of cell-individual loads outperforms the optimization of tilts-only (with and without the notion of cell-individual loads within the algorithm) and of the cell selection rules-only in terms of spectral and energy efficiency.
In this paper, a new ADC architecture using bandpass &#x03A3;&#x0394; modulators is proposed. It uses the novel concept of residual signal transfer function (RSTF) and of noise band cancellation to digitize nonlinearly distorted signals such as RF power amplifiers outputs. Mathematical analysis and system simulations show the validity of these concepts. We also present a high level design methodology to optimize the actual peak signal-to-noise and the stability of &#x03A3;&#x0394; modulators. We provide the result of extensive simulations to help the design of such a converter.
This paper describes a calculation framework for the simulation of systems being affected by parameter deviations. These unpredictable factors are described with the help of affine arithmetic noise symbols in the modeling domain. Methods for a semi-symbolic output signal calculation containing linear and nonlinear operators must be provided. For a nonlinear composition of two affine arithmetic forms an appropriate approximation algorithm is required. This can be implemented and selected dependent on the objective of the simulation. Additional functionalities for debugging and tracing of noise symbols can improve analysis properties of simulation results. In the following work an extended framework structure for affine arithmetic system simulations containing an application specific selection of necessary approximated forms and advanced noise symbol management methods is introduced.
Developing state-of-the-art custom silicon can be a prohibitively expensive and risky undertaking, due in no small part to the need to perform thorough design verification. Field-Programmable Gate-Arrays offer a flexible platform for constructing prototypes to aid in their verification, but unlike software simulation, observability into these prototypes is a major challenge. Designers can choose to insert trace-instrumentation to enhance on-chip observability, but doing so often requires re-compiling the entire design for each new trace configuration. This work presents two contributions: to explore the limitations of incremental-synthesis for trace-buffer insertion, and to propose CAD optimizations exclusive to this application for improving runtime and routability. We find that 99.4%of all used cluster outputs (driving both combinational and sequential circuit signals) can be incrementally-traced to 75%of the free memory-capacity on an FPGA, an order of magnitude quicker than the original compilation and with a nominal impact on circuit delay, for a 20%minimum channel width (10%area) increase.
This paper describes the use of a novel design and simulation platform for piezoMEMS devices and systems. This platform called MEMS+ is part of a complete environment where the seamless link to standard EDA and CAD tools enables complete and easy system simulation. The methodology is applied to two piezodevices examples, a unimorph cantilever energy harvester and a piston micromirror.
The accuracy of load modeling has a significant influence on power system simulation result. The modeling method based on instantaneous value is able to enhance the utilization rate of the information measured greatly with instantaneous value data used for modeling and the validation . Directing at the precocity and low convergence velocity problems of traditional genetic algorithms, a modified crowding niche genetic algorithm is proposed for instantaneous value load modeling. A case study is adopted and it shows that the modified method performs well in improving parameter accuracy and convergence velocity.
Using multi-channel memory subsystems is an efficient way of satisfying high volume memory requests from CMPs. At the same time, the imbalance between memory bandwidth and bus performance opens up new possibility of optimization before they are sent to bus. This paper presents a new memory controller design for embedded CMPs systems when the return data from the return buffer is sent back to bus. Our scheduling policy, called return data interleaving (RDI) interleaves the return data of each request in a round robin manner. Further, for each request, it sends the critical word first. To evaluate our technique, we model an Intel XScale-based CMPs using M5 simulator for CMPs simulation and DRAMsim for memory subsystem simulation and examine the performance of MiBench and SPEC2000 benchmarks. Simulation results show that for memory-bound benchmarks running on the CMPs systems with the number of cores from 6 to 16, RDI can improve the execution time by average 11%and up to 16.9%.
A field-circuit coupling computation method is proposed in this paper to reveal the special electromagnetic characteristic of a novel inductive filtering (IF) method applied in high-voltage direct current (HVDC) converter station. The new converter transformer is modeled by using 3-D finite-element method, and the surrounding fully tuned branches, for creating precondition of implementing the IF method, are modeled by using the coupled circuits. The harmonic characteristic of the load-side current is modeled by using mixed harmonic current sources. The parameter design of the coupled circuit is also performed for the coupling model. Following this, based on the established coupling model, the multiphysical characteristics (e.g., electric field, magnetic field, excitation characteristic, and core losses) are analyzed in detail. The system simulation and the experimental results validate the modeling method. All of the research results indicate that the IF method can greatly reduce the harmonic currents in the grid winding, can improve the excitation performance, can improve the electromagnetic environment, and can reduce the harmonic losses of the HVDC converter transformer.
In Networks-on-Chip (NoC), with ever-increasing design complexity and technology scaling, soft errors have become a key design challenge. In this work, we extend the concept of architectural vulnerability factor (AVF) from the microprocessor domain and propose a network vulnerability factor (NVF) to characterize the susceptibility of Network Interfaces (NIs) to soft errors. For the first time, a detailed characterization of vulnerability is performed on a state-of-the-art AXI-based NI architecture using full system simulation. Our studies reveal that different NI buffers behave quite differently in the presence of transient faults and each buffer can have different inherent tolerance to faults. Our analysis also considers the impact of thermal hotspot mitigation techniques on the NVF estimation.
This paper presents a quick methodology for focusing a laser beam on a photoactive surface based on performing a single line scan while simultaneously modifying the laser's position over the surface and the distance between the focusing lens and the active surface. The methodology was tested using the computer simulation technique. Several configurations were computer simulated by programming different experimental situations to discover the situations in which this focusing methodology would provide optimum results. The conclusions obtained from computer simulation methodology were checked by means of experimental tests using several solar cells, such as a thin-film amorphous silicon solar cell, a monocrystalline silicon solar cell, and a polycrystalline silicon solar cell. From the tests performed, we concluded that optimum focusing is achieved in systems in which the laser beam induced current signal generated by the photoactive surface has no large heterogeneities (e.g., fingers or grain boundaries), artefacts, or defects. Thus, the best results are achieved in systems where the surface of the photovoltaic device has a certain degree of homogeneity
Part 1 of System Design of Adjustable Speed Drives [1] investigated the second-order effects that occur as interactions between adjustable speed drives (ASDs) and system-connected equipment, specifically with regard to commonmode (CM) voltage and ground noise current injected in the system and differential-mode (DM) voltage spikes on the load due to ASD semiconductor switching [1]. This article (Part 2) continues the investigation by proposing high-frequency ASDs, cable, and motor models used in system simulation to identify and mitigate the complex DM or CM injected. Theoretical component models were bridged with field experience to simulate and resolve a practical low-voltage (LV) field example of parallel high horsepower inverters having instantaneous overcurrent (IOC) trip issues due to circulating CM currents between inverters and ground. Component models are also used in a system electromagnetic interference (EMI) simulation example of a power structure, which induced line-to-ground noise current in an industrial plant ground grid.
Integration of multiple heterogeneous processors into a single system-on-a-chip is a clear trend in embedded devices. Designing and verifying these devices requires high-speed and easy-to-build simulation platforms. Among the software simulation approaches, native simulation is a good candidate since the embedded software is executed natively on the host machine, and no instruction set simulator development effort is necessary. However, existing native simulation approaches are such that the simulated software shares the memory space of the modeled hardware modules and the host operating system, making impractical the support of legacy code running on the target platform. To overcome this issue seldom mentioned in the literature, we propose the addition of a transparent address space translation layer to separate the target address space from the host simulator one. For this, we exploit the hardware-assisted virtualization technology now available on most general-purpose processors. Experiments show that this solution does not degrade the native simulation speed, while keeping the ability to accomplish software performance evaluation.
This study introduces the concept of an intelligent wall as an autonomous part of a smart indoor environment for cognitive wireless networks. Here, an intelligent wall is a wall inside a building equipped with an active frequency-selective surface, simple low-cost sensors and a cognitive engine with machine-learning ability. Using simulations, it has been shown that the smart environment based on intelligent walls can react to the immediate demands of an indoor wireless system, control radio coverage and, consequently, influence the overall system performance. The concept of the intelligent walls is described and evaluated based on a simple implementation of an arrangement of two intelligent walls in a conference centre scenario. Artificial neural networks were employed in the cognitive engine. Elementary orthogonal frequency division multiple access static system simulations are used to analyse the influence of the smart environment on the system performance. Results are discussed in detail and typical characteristics of the aforementioned system are derived and summarised.
Software design programs often assist RF/ microwave engineers in creating high-frequency printed circuit boards (PCBs). A multitude of commercial software tools are available, from electromagnetic (EM) simulation programs to circuit layout and complete system simulators. Both engineers and software tools try to forecast the effects of various circuit- and material-based parameters, but some factors may be overlooked or simply not well enough understood to be properly accounted for in a software simulation of a PCB design. This article intends to help RF/microwave PCB designers better understand the different influences affecting high-frequency PCB loss performance, such as copper roughness, solder mask, plated finishes, and circuit configurations, and how to more accurately predict their effects on final PCB insertion-loss (IL) performance.
This paper describes the comparison and parameterization process of dynamic battery models for cell and system simulation. Three commonly used equivalent circuit battery models are parameterized using a numeric optimization method and basic electrical tests with a lithium-ion polymer battery cell. The maximum model performance is investigated, and the parameterized models are compared regarding the parameterization effort and the model accuracy. For the model with the best tradeoff between the parametrization effort and the model accuracy, a reasonable simplification of the parameterization process is presented. This model is parameterized with the simplified parameterization process and, finally, validated by using a current profile obtained from an electric vehicle simulation performing a real-life driving cycle.
We present and analyze a new robust feedback and transmit strategy for multiuser MIMO downlink communication systems, termed Rate Approximation (RA). RA combines the flexibility and robustness needed for reliable communications with the user terminal under a limited feedback constraint. It responds to two important observations. First, it is not so significant to approximate the channel but rather the rate, such that the optimal scheduling decision can be mimicked at the base station. Second, a fixed transmit codebook at the transmitter is often better when therefore the channel state information is more accurate. In the RA scheme the transmit and feedback codebook are separated and user rates are delivered to the base station subject to a controlled uniform error. The scheme is analyzed and proved to have better performance below a certain interference plus noise margin and better behavior than the classical Jindal formula. LTE system simulations sustain the analytic results showing performance gains of up to 50%or 70%compared to zeroforcing when using multiple antennas at the base station and multiple antennas or a single antenna at the terminals, respectively. A new feedback protocol is developed which inherently considers the transmit codebook and which is able to deal with the complexity issue at the terminal.
This letter proposes a novel application of asymmetric (double-gate) tunnel field-effect transistors (asymmetric TFETs) as a frequency multiplier. Work-function tuning of an asymmetric TFET was used to demonstrate symmetric ambipolar transfer characteristics by TCAD simulation. Unlike the conventional balanced FET-based multiplier, the asymmetric TFET design needs only one transistor for rejecting odd harmonics. Advanced design system simulations are used to compare the performance of an n-type FET and an asymmetric TFET frequency multiplier.
Distributed virtual simulations can always undergo load imbalances during run-time due to their dependency on underlying shared resources. Such imbalances are commonly generated by external background load, improper deployment of simulation elements, and dynamic oscillations of simulation load. HLA was devised as a simulation framework that simplifies the design and management of distributed simulations. Even though the framework presents services for the coordination of simulations, it does not provide any tool for identifying and reacting to load imbalances. Due to the importance of balancing simulation load, many schemes have been developed, aiming to reduce simulation time through analysis of specific metrics. These schemes are limited to issues from specific simulation applications, or they disregard large-scale environmental characteristics. In order to overcome the drawbacks of previous balancing approaches, a distributed balancing scheme has been designed. Nevertheless, this scheme, as well as the others, is not concerned with migration latencies when redistributing simulation load. Migration delays are directly involved with balancing responsiveness and efficiency, and they can cause simulation performance loss instead of performance improvement if they are not considered in the redistribution analysis. Thus, a migration-aware balancing scheme is proposed to include migration latency analysis in its load redistribution algorithm. Extensions are also proposed to improve the analysis of migration delays by enabling necessary costly migrations in iterative analysis. Experiments have been conducted to evaluate the proposed migration-aware balancing schemes by comparing performance when costly migrations are present in simulations.
Based on the defect of reflecting the actual situation and guiding construction by network diagram in traditional network planning technique. In this paper, the network planning technique based on system simulation is proposed, the method could obtain the time-parameter of each process by system simulation. Then, the double code network diagram is obtained. The result of practical application shows that the method could better reflect the actual process and guide the construction.
In this paper, the platform is the software of the real-time scenes of driver-Vega. As an example to the campus of Huaihai Institute of Technology, this paper elaborates the method of developing a virtual simulation system based on Visual C++ and Vega API. It focuses on the optimization technology of 3d scene model data and fidelity during the construction of three-dimensional scene and the way of creating multiple environmental effects based on Vega/Lynx. And finally the system realizes interactive roaming of virtual campus and environmental effects in the Visual C++ environment .
Computational intelligence that utilizes adaptive fuzzy cerebellar model articulation controller (FCMAC) to aircraft automatic landing system is proposed in this paper. The proposed intelligent scheme uses CMAC and type-2 fuzzy system. Current flight control law is adopted in the controller design. Lyapunov stability theory is applied to obtain adaptive learning rule and to guarantee stability of the automatic landing system. Performance on tracking desired landing path and environment adaptive capability are demonstrated through software simulations. The proposed intelligent system can guide the aircraft to a safe landing in severe turbulence condition and act as an experienced pilot.
The mathematical model of cushioning system is established on the basis of analyzing the structure and work characteristics of the impact roller. The assembly model of the whole machine was developed in UG software utilizing the multi-body dynamics theory and imported into ADAMS that is the integrated mechanical system simulation software. The simulation model was created including tire and road model and was simulated dynamically in ADAMS under different working conditions. By simulation, the horizontal impact load is acquired which acted on the traction vehicle. The simulation results are compared with the testing data, which validates the correctness of the dynamic simulation model. It is simulated and analyzed how the model parameters influence the traction load. The results suggest that the dynamic model and road model can simulate working conditions of the impact roller and help engineering designers optimize the parameters.
The design mainly discussed the low power consumption cymometer's circuit implementation plan. It is based on the most practical digital system simulation VHDL language. Then through compilation, simulation, downloaded to the FPGA device up with MAX+PLUS software, investigated cymometer's practicable. And through the use of electronic circuit simulation EWB software verified cymometer's correct in theory. Compare to the orther cymometer, it have a lot of advantages: It can measure the frequency of square wave signal, and show the frequency control with a digital display tube, By changing the program to reach the purpose of expanding measuring range, It also set up a range status display signal, when it excess the maximum range, it will alarm. But in addition to considering the cymometer's small size, simple structure, high accuracy, well reliability and use convenient and so on, it's low power consumption is a key in this design, and it incarnate this article's significance.
This paper presented the intelligent navigation system design of an autonomous mobile robot. A robot prototype, named SDLG-2, was used to introduce t his implementation technology of this scheme the kinematics model is built based on its motion structure. Using twelve sonar sensors, the strategy algorithm of behaviour-based navigation control is brought forth. According to the algorithm, software simulations have been conducted and the results indicate the navigation strategy proposed in this paper is effective.
The evaluation system of operation of marine refrigeration is developed in oeder to improve the teaching means in operation and manage of shipping. By making model of Marine Refrigerating System, it mainly analyses the ways of making the model for the system of refrigeration simulation, that is using each equipment as objects and making the model for the each equipment, these models compose the simulation system model and the article redacts the software program of system simulation with MATLAB, finally, this article carries out simulation study and running on marine refrigeration system with the simulation system models and software, the result is that the simulation conforms on the whole to the running status of system.
Here we introduce a distributed parallel architecture for radar system simulation according to the radar system theory. In our system, we adopt the method of modularization, bring forward our system model with distributed and expansive characteristics, introduce pipelining technique basing on two levels of time policies including both of scheduling interval and frame unit into our design, compare the time of simulation between the sequential system and the parallel system, finally give out our conclusions.
In this paper, DS / CDMA (code division DS) system with anti-interference and the role of data encryption, multi-rate signal transmission of several programs to Rayleigh fading channel transmission, for example, narrowband and wideband CDMA based channel Rayleigh number of different paths, indicating a multi-rate signal system, different programs have different results, by software simulation shows that, OVFS scheme in Rayleigh fading channels under its multi-channel processing gain and the number of fading paths on encryption performance of multi-rate systems have a major impact, broadband system encryption performance is better than narrowband systems. Multi-modulation is also a feasible option, but it handles the user's high-speed data encryption performance is significantly worse than other programs.
Service system is analyzed, optimized and evaluated by discrete event system simulation method and classical Industrial Engineering. By analyzing element of system, process, layout and related data, simulation model of some restaurant's services system is build, and by Em-plant simulation software, bottle-neck problems of services system is found. Then improved project of services system is presented by Industrial Engineering method. In the end, result of improvement is evaluated by simulation method. The research showed that services system can be effectively optimized by combining simulation method with IE method.
Urban traffic control and guidance coordination system is an important part of Intelligent Transportation System. Aiming at testing and validating problems of traffic control and guidance coordination system in laboratory, this paper mainly discusses the design and development of simulation platform oriented to traffic control and guidance coordination system as well as the mechanism of on-line operations between virtual and real systems. The foundation is provided for the algorithm and equipments of system by establishing a virtual simulation platform, which can co-exist with real traffic control and guidance coordination system.
A high-speed real-time currency sorting system based on SOPC of FPGA is designed against the existing problems in our country, such as the high complexity, the lower stability, the low real-time performance of complex algorithms for high-speed digital image signal and that the system is difficult to upgrade in real time, etc. The methods of software simulation, real-time debugging online are applied; the real-time processing of complex image algorithms has been achieved successfully and the system complexity has been reduced; the integration and stability of the system have been greatly improved. Furthermore the operation of FPGA could be performed in parallel and the responsive time of its hardware could be accurate to nanosecond (ns) level. So the real-time processing properties of the system have more advantages against other processing platforms. Because of the system programmable performance, the real-time updates of the system without changing the hardware circuit have also been implemented.
As a relevant topic, improving the sustainability level of urban residential development requires appropriate assessment approaches to be provided. System Dynamics is a computer simulation analysis to understand and discuss complex issues and problems while Analytic Network Process (ANP) is a widely accepted evaluation method used in decision making process with variable comparison and feedback. The purpose of this study is to present an integration approach of System Dynamics (SD) model and ANP method which could better explain the interaction and variation of sustainability indicators. It's able to support the Decision Maker to view sustainability problems of urban residential areas more comprehensively. Furthermore the paper will consider a real case study of the sustainable residential development in urban areas of NanJing China.
In order to intuitively understand the internal structure, working principle and operating course of the magnesium alloy extruder, furthermore optimize the extrusion process, the problem of modeling and analysis to the model is solved in this paper. A method is studied to create three dimensional visualization of virtual environments based on the extrusion principle of magnesium alloy and virtual reality technology. All models are created by using SOLID WORKS or 3DMAX software, the next step is that 3D models are imported directly into EON Studio by "EON Reptor-web studio-3DMAX" plug-ins to create a virtual environment. When the processing of virtual simulation program is completed, an interactive assembly system of magnesium alloy extrusion machine can be achieved. As the system has the features with imagination and real-time, self-view and interactive operation is feasible. This method can effectively solve the related issues of extruders and the extrusion process. It will be utilized to prepare plastic deformation behavior of magnesium alloy extrusion and isothermal extrusion process simulation.
The workplaces in current deep-level mines are refrigerated by vast, complex, chilled water systems. These complex refrigeration systems are unique to each mine and change over time. AngloGold Ashanti realised that special methods are necessary to deal with this complexity and started collaboration with M-Tech Industrial to develop integrated simulation models of the entire thermal-fluid system. This was done using the locally developed software FLOWNEX. This paper demonstrates some of the benefits of integrated system simulation in the identification and evaluation of methods for saving energy. As case study, a mine with 7000kW refrigeration and pumping electrical load was found to present an opportunity for between 1500kW and 1800kW saving, provided the end-usage components in the system, the cooling cars, are properly maintained. Chilled water temperature optimisation presents an opportunity of around 500kW, provided the cooling car flow control functions as intended. These options would have been difficult to identify or evaluate without having an integrated simulation model of the overall system.
Cyber-physical systems are particularly difficult to model and simulate because their components mix many different system modalities. In this paper we address the main technical challenges on system simulation taking into account by new characters of CPS, and provide a comprehensive view of the simulation modeling methods for integration of continuous-discrete model. Regards to UML and Simulink, two most widely accepted modeling methods in industrial designs, we study on three methods to perform the cooperation of these two kinds of heterogeneous models for co-simulation. The solution of an implementation of co-simulation method for CPS was designed under three levels architecture.
Serious games, that is, the use of video games for education and training purposes, are becoming widespread in a variety of application domains from business management to surgical skills acquisition. With traditional &#x201C;entertainment games&#x201D;, game designers are primarily concerned with creating an engaging gameplay experience that will keep the players playing the game; to improve gameplay and engagement, they are free to modify the design throughout the entire design of the game and development process. However, serious games designers must strictly adhere to the content/knowledge base while ensuring that their end product is not only fun and engaging, but is also an effective teaching tool thus requiring knowledge in instructional design. Here, details regarding a course on serious games and virtual simulations that emphasized the importance of instructional design are provided. The course was offered at both the undergraduate and graduate levels.
A longstanding issue among the general public in North America is the lack of awareness about common household fire safety practices and procedures. With the knowledge that virtual simulations and more recently, serious games, can provide environments for individuals to experience and learn from situations that would typically be dangerous and life-threatening, we have developed Blaze, a highly interactive serious game aimed at improving household fire safety awareness. Through exposing the audience to these usually harmful and rare events, initial reaction to common situations, as well as problem-solving under pressure can be experienced safely in a realistic environment.
In this paper, a real time virtual simulation framework which is the foundation for studying human adaptive mechatronics (HAM) is proposed. This framework allows researchers to interact and experiment with the system in real time. Thus, motion control patterns can be identified and learned with, for example, a heuristic strategy. The prototype is developed with an underactuated pendulum-driven capsule robot model. Motion control patterns are identified and presented. The experimentation results demonstrate the proposed concept.
A rapid change in power system states leads to appearing of electromagnetic transients signals in system variables. Such transients are in the form of DC offset or frequencies above de fundamental and have information about its producer phenomenon. Thus, system signals can be recorded using adequate equipment in order to diagnose the phenomenon. Within the previous contextualization, this paper present an analytical study of Park's transformation applied in the framework of power system three-phase signals. Furthermore, this paper highlights the potential use of such transformation as a filter that could be useful to improve the transient signal analysis. By means of a numerical implementation of Park's transformation taken on Matlab environment, four cases are analyzed. Three of them consist on studying synthetics and controlled signals, whereas the last analyze the phase voltages of a faulted power system simulation performed in ATP-EMTP.
Prior to operational use, communications hardware and software must be thoroughly tested and verified. In space-link communications, field testing equipment can be prohibitively expensive and cannot test to non-ideal situations. In this paper, we show how software and hardware emulation tools can be used to accurately model the characteristics of a satellite communication channel in a lab environment. We describe some of the challenges associated with developing an emulation lab and present results to demonstrate the channel modeling. We then show how network emulation software can be used to extend a hardware emulation model without requiring additional network and channel simulation hardware.
The algorithm of selection of respiration and heartbeat components from biometric signal is developed. Function of some component elements of the bio-radar system simulation model is considered.
In this paper, a software simulation tool for automation of electrical sensitivity analysis of Single Event Effects (SEE) is presented. In particular, the proposed tool can be used to check the error sensitivity of analog designs with large number of transistors. The proposed methodology allows a rapid location of critical nodes in order to ensure a proper radiation-hardened performance under the influence of current injected Single Event Transient Effects (SET). As a case study, several operational amplifier architectures have been designed and simulated in a 130 nm CMOS technology, validating the performance of the implemented analysis method.
Summary form only given. Power system simulation and optimization is highly computationally intensive. Along with market deregulation, power system planning and operation analysis needs more effective and faster techniques due to the ever-expanding study scenarios with large-scale interconnection of power networks. Meanwhile Market simulation tools with advanced optimization techniques are needed to simulate market behavior and varieties of market design issues. These market simulation tools need to handle nonlinearity, non-convex functions, integer variables. Significant increase in the level of uncertainty due to high penetration of variable resources, demand response, DER, microgrids and other Smart Grid technologies, requires new approaches to power system control and market operation. Stochastic and robust optimization methods are being considered as the technology for the future grid. These methods, to achieve tractability, require not only very efficient solution methodology, but highly efficient computing architectures. Not only the tractability and performance of the numerical algorithms, but significant increase in the data volumes requires high performance computing. Storing very large amounts of PMU data creates the need for new approaches in data management, including cloud computing, GPU, etc. This presentation will discuss the high performance computing needs at ISO New England across different business units, and the technologies being utilized to achieve efficiency. Applications include PSSE, TARA, PowerWorld, Enfuzion, and CycleCloud. Future plans in high performance computing will also be discussed.
This paper investigates an incident that occurred in a grid connected aluminum smelting plant that resulted in cascaded tripping of power plant parts and eventual system instability. The incident was initiated by tripping of an interconnector due to the operation of its directional over-current relay. The results of the power system simulation studies are described to explain the transient performance of the system during the incident. Having identified the main area of the electrical system weakness, an under frequency load shedding scheme is designed and implemented in practice to maintain the system stability during the most severe loss of generation scenarios. The paper demonstrates how using a detailed dynamic simulation of the electrical network can be used to assist with post event analysis, and provides additional insight into the dynamic performance of the system which cannot be obtained using only SCADA or PMS data. The good correlation between measured and simulated data confirms the veracity of the model and gives confidence in the proposed under frequency load shedding scheme.
It is becoming increasingly common for scientists and engineers to use software simulations to replace dangerous or expensive experimentation. In other domains, such as earth science, experiments may not be particularly dangerous or expensive, but take so long that it is more efficient for scientists and engineers to use software simulations instead of performing direct experimentation. Because of this heavy reliance on the results of software simulations, it is vital for the software to produce accurate results. To help ensure accurate results, software should be correctly designed and implemented. In more general applications, software engineering (SE) researchers and practitioners have developed practices that help developers design their software and implement those designs.
This paper applies the Probabilistic Collocation Method (PCM) to modeling operational uncertainties in small disturbance power system studies. The PCM is a method of estimating the statistical distribution of a system output from the uncertain parameter values using significantly fewer full system simulations than traditional sampling techniques. The application of PCM is illustrated on a small, two area transmission system. Probabilistic locations for all system electromechanical modes in the presence of system uncertainties have been estimated accurately. Furthermore, the method provides vast time savings and could facilitate a move towards online probabilistic power system studies.
This paper discusses high-performance computing from the hardware, software, and algorithmic perspectives. The paper emphasizes on recent advancements in parallel algorithms for both Electro-Magnetic Transients and Transient Stability simulations suitable for highly-parallel multi-core multi-CPU architectures.
Power system simulation tools have been found insufficient to capture the Fault Induced Delayed Voltage Recovery (FIDVR) phenomena. It is widely believed that this problem is the result of inaccurate load modeling of air conditioner (A/C) loads in the local network. A method is proposed to study the influence of single-phase A/C motor loads on voltage recovery after a transmission line fault. The proposed solution replaces the grid level equivalent load model with detailed single-phase equipment level models of distribution networks in a typical positive sequence power system simulation tool. Local networks with different percentage of A/C compressor loads were built in simulation to study their effects on short-term voltage stability. The FIDVR phenomenon was reproduced successfully in some test cases. The proposed method has been found to be very useful in investigating the actual effect of single-phase motor load on the greater power system voltage stability.
Micro-grid is a new concept gained significant attentions due to the increasing distributed energy sources. Several micro-grid test beds in the forms of either hardware or software simulation have been developed around the world. In Taiwan, one 20KVA 3W3&#x00D8; micro-grid test bed has been conducted in National Tsing Hua University (NTHU). This micro-grid consists of various fundamental power system components, including two synchronous generators (SG), one fixed speed induction generator (FSIG), and one doubly-fed induction generator (DFIG). In this paper, simulation results on two different scenarios: (a) transition from the grid-connected mode to the islanding mode, and (b) load variation in the islanding mode of the NTHU micro-grid system in distributed real-time simulation platform OPAL-RT are reported. Also, on-site development of the micro-grid system is illustrated.
Since its discovery in 1881, Benford's law has been verified in several application fields related to economics, physics and even in number theory. In particular, a random dataset obtained from physical measurements seems to be the best empirical example of its validity. Following this reasoning, we present a novel and fast source coding algorithm for wireless sensor measurements. In more details, the Benford's probability density distribution is exploited for Huffmann coding of measured values, considering the Benford probability density of the first digit. This results may be fast obtained assuming the Benford's law validity, without directly computing the a priori probabilities of the measured digits. Performance evaluation is provided by system simulations, comparing the obtained results with the computed a posteriori source entropy.
Spaceborne wind scatterometers has been proved to be an efficient instrument for measurements of ocean surface winds. There have been some experiments show that the polarimetric scatterometer can significantly improve the measurement accuracy compared to the traditional co-polarized scatterometers [1]. In this paper, a Ku-band rotation pen-beam polarimetric scatterometer system simulation model is established and compared with co-polarized mode, further demonstrates that polarimetric scatterometer has better wind retrieval quality. Then discuss the factors affecting the performance of the polarimetric scatterometer.
Water environment safety is increasingly gaining public attention in recent years. To assess the degree of water environment safety, an evaluation index system associated with system dynamics (SD) was built. Water environment safety degree (WESD) is affected by a comprehensive system. As the effective tool for complex system simulation, SD approach was used to simulate the relationship between water environment and social activity. Taking Zhejiang Province as an example, the study was on the assessment of WESD from 2003 to 2010 and prediction from 2011 to 2015 in high, normal, low development scenarios. Results suggest that index parameters should be revised according to the development of society in order to get more accurate and reliable assessment results, and that the approach is reasonable to mimic the actual situation and to predict the future water environment safety degree.
Conventional load-frequency control (LFC) systems use proportional-integral (PI) controllers. These controllers are designed based on a linear model and the nonlinearities of the system are not accounted for. Then they are incapable to gain good dynamical performance for a wide range of operating conditions. A control strategy for solving this problem in a multi-area power system is presented by using a multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) approach based on the frequency bias (&#x03B2;) estimation that genetic algorithm (GA) optimization is used to tune its parameters. This approach contains two agents in each control area, estimator agent and controller agent that communicate with each other. The proposed method does not depend on any knowledge of the system and finding area control error (ACE) signal based on the frequency biased estimation, improves the LFC performance. To demonstrate the capability of the proposed control structure, a three-control area power system simulation with two different scenarios is presented.
Frequency regulation in interconnected networks is one of the main challenges in power systems. Significant interconnection frequency deviations can cause under/over frequency relaying and disconnect some loads and generations. Under unfavorable conditions, this may result in a cascading failure and system collapse. A control strategy for solving this problem in a multi-area power system is presented by an intelligent based load frequency control (LFC) using Bayesian networks (BNs). This method admits considerable flexibility in defining the control objectives specifically in a large scale power system. The BNs provide efficient probabilistic inference algorithms that permit answering various probabilistic queries about the system and incorporate expert knowledge and historical data for revising the prior belief in the light of new evidence in many fields. It is also possible to include local conditional dependencies into the model, by directly specifying the causes that influence a given effect. To demonstrate the capability of the proposed control structure, a three-control area power system simulation with two different scenarios is presented.
In this paper the main objectives of the ESA-ANISAP study are summarized and the first results are presented. The existing end-to-end software simulation tool developed for a couple of counter-rotating Low Earth Orbiting (LEO) satellites has been upgraded and utilized for this work. The Integrated Water Vapor (IWV) - Spectral Sensitivity (SS) and the Integrated Liquid Water (ILW) - SS relationships are shown assuming the acquisition of IWV and ILW at 3,6, and 9 km tangent altitude jointly with that of SS at 17, 19, 21 and 32 GHz. Such relationships are obtained for a global set of atmospheric vertical profiles, in order to compute the regression coefficients of the IWV-SS and ILW-SS relationships based on a linear least squares fit.
The frequency-selective shielding behavior of periodic screens based on resonant elements is investigated, with particular reference to two-dimensional arrays of Jerusalem crosses and split-ring resonators. A parametric study of the shielding effectiveness under plane-wave far-field incidence is first performed based on a conventional periodic Method-of-Moment approach and verified through other full-wave commercial software simulations. Next, an Array-Scanning Method technique is used to study the shielding properties against finite dipole near-field sources, pointing out the main differences with respect to the far-field excitation.
Simulation of hydraulic turbine governing system plays an important role in teaching, testing and experimental study. This paper presents the overall structure of the ARM-based real-time simulation system on the basis of a comprehensive analysis of the characteristics of hydroelectric process. For the different object to build different fineness of model, this paper uses multi-scale modeling approach and rational scheduling mechanism to realize optimal operation of simulation, as well as designing the real-time enhanced program on a LINUX system. By comparison with the off-line system simulation of SIMULINK, the results show that the system is fully capable to meet the requirement of hydraulic turbine governing system on real-time, reflecting the advantages of real-time continuous simulation.
Aiming at the complexity, dynamics and special safeness of the construction process for tunnel shield, we applied the computer dynamic simulation technology into the whole-process simulation realization for shield construction, constructed 3D virtual simulation platform based on OpenInventor technology and gave the overall framework of the system; in the paper, the soil dynamic simulation model in the process of tunneling operation was researched and ground settlement computation model was constructed, and the relative arithmetic was given. The whole process of shield construction was emulated dynamically and the situation of the soil change and the ground surface settlement were analyzed and feedback in time, and the actual construction process was controlled and guided availably by coordinating with configuration software. At last, we took the new construction project of Xianxia West Road in Shanghai Hongqiao comprehensive communication hub as application background and verified by test running, the result indicated that the simulation system satisfied the construction request on the scene of tunnel. It explained the feasibility of simulation technology and simulation model, and provided aided decision-making means for risk controlling of actual shield construction process.
There are trade-offs between cost and effect for WIP and throughput. Management may need to stimulate environments to find the existing trade-off points and determine the actions needed to minimize their effect on WIP and throughput. Thus, the ANNF system is integrated with Artificial Neural Network and AutoMod Software. The combination of the ANNF system and mathematical theory resulted in a new trade-off system. This system enables planners to conduct what-if analysis for the production control policies without disturbing operations in the real plant. Better alternatives leading to higher system throughput can be identified by using system simulation in the fab.
In the plentiful wind resource on the Penghu Island, the capacity factor of the wind park is up to 47%. It is expected that more wind generating units will be integrated into this power system in the near future. However, many blackouts occurred at Penghu Island in the past and the present power protection scheme has not taken the influence of the wind generating units into consideration; therefore, it is necessary to revise the defense plan for Penghu's power system. In this study, different generation/load patterns in different seasons are considered, followed with analyses on system steady-state and transient responses in some specific buses and important feeders. The accurate modeling on wind turbines and relay settings are performed by using the power system simulation program PSS/E. The original power defense scheme by only using under-frequency load shedding is examined, and a new protection scheme is proposed based on numerous contingency simulations, including islanding operation protection for some specific cases. It is expected that the reliability improvement of the Penghu system can be achieved by using the new defense scheme.
Coordinated multiple point transmission and reception can reduce system interference and Distributed Antenna Systems can enlarge wireless coverage with lower transmitting power. These two techniques introduce the flexibility of wireless network architecture design for green communications. In this paper, we extend wireless network architecture with cooperative distributed antenna systems and derive the downlink ergodic capacity in three different kinds of wireless coverage areas. Then, analytical expressions of the downlink ergodic capacity are verified by system simulation. The research results prove that combination of cooperative and DAS can provide beneficial to green wireless communications systems.
Host-compiled software simulation has become a popular method to accelerate iterative system-level design space explorations of multiprocessor systems-on-chip (MPSoCs) by abstracting the internal microarchitecture of cores. However, current approaches do not consider out-of-order processor architectures, which are emerging in the embedded system domain. Out-of-order processors exhibit complex timing behavior which is difficult to model at a high level of abstraction. In this paper, we improve the accuracy of compiled simulations for out-of-order processors. Our method is applied to binary-level compiled simulation of the target code. We discuss how to annotate timing in the target code and consider out-of-order effects at run-time of the compiled simulation. The proposed approach allows for reproducing the system-level timing behavior of an out-of-order processor observed in a cycle-accurate simulator on average 25&#x00D7; faster at an average error of 3%.
Due to the coexistence of different generations of mobile radio technologies, more and more mobile network operators are keen on deploying multiple radio technologies on a single cell site and carry their traffic over a common transport network. This paper studies such a collocated multiradio system: collocated LTE and HSDPA. Firstly, we investigate the potential gain by using a shared transport network to carry different radio technologies. Furthermore, this paper proposes analytical models to dimension the shared transport network for elastic traffic (TCP-based traffic) from the different radio technologies, by taking traffic characteristics, QoS requirements of each radio technology and the deployed transport QoS function and packet scheduling into considerations. The proposal for modeling the shared transport network is to apply the M/G/R-PS model per QoS class while taking the potential multiplexing gain of bandwidth sharing among the different QoS classes into account. For validating the analytical models, a system simulation model is developed. The analytical results derived from the proposed dimensioning models are validated by comparing with the simulation results for various traffic and network scenarios. Presented results demonstrate that proposed analytical models are well suitable for dimensioning of the shared transport network. With the help of the proposed analytical models, we analyze the potential sharing gain of such a shared transport system under different traffic loads and mix of different radio technologies.
Blind decoding of control information is used in some wireless multiple access systems such as LTE to achieve adaptive modulation and coding, as well as to address the multiple access problem on the control channel. Blind decoding incurs high computational complexity in mobile terminals. In this paper, we describe a scheme to reduce the computational complexity associated with the blind decoding. The main idea is to broadcast a &#x201C;please-decode-blindly&#x201D; message to all terminals that are eligible for scheduling, to instruct a subset of the terminals to perform the blind search. We propose two schemes to implement our idea and we investigate their performances via system simulations.
Transient analysis of mixed-signal circuits suffers from drawbacks inflicted by the high computational effort required for the simulation of analog blocks. We propose to generate linearized state-space models describing the analog circuit behavior, avoiding any numerical integration during simulation. Since only a small fraction of all possible linearized model regions is used in common circuits, an efficient on-the-fly computation is possible. Interfacing such models to a SystemC digital simulator allows for an accelerated mixed-signal system simulation outperforming traditional concepts by at least one order of magnitude.
A new stable Adaptive Interval Type-2 Fuzzy Proportional Integral Sliding Mode Controller (AI2FPISMC) is introduced here to control a class of nonlinear systems. The proposed method is based on interval type-2 fuzzy logic system (IT2FLS) whose antecedent and consequent membership functions are interval type-2 fuzzy sets. IT2FLS is utilized to approximate unknown nonlinear functions. To achieve high performance, optimizing membership functions (MFs) of interval type-2 fuzzy sets (IT2FS) is required. Genetic algorithm (GA) is a parallel search optimization method; that here contributes to optimize the MFs. In order to cope with the chattering of sliding mode controller, PI control law is proposed and Lyapunov analysis is utilized to prove asymptotic stability of the proposed approach. The adaptation laws are derived using Lyapunov approach. Two nonlinear system simulation examples are presented to verify the effectiveness of the proposed method, and their results confirm the optimization merits.
Secure operation of electrical power systems is vital, hence fast and accurate post-outage state calculations are important for contingency analysis. Contingency analysis includes simulations of both the single and double branch outages. This paper presents constrained optimization problem of a recently developed double branch outage model. Harmony search algorithm is used as an optimization tool. IEEE 30 Bus Test system simulation results are given, and compared with those of the AC load flow in terms of computational accuracy. Speed test results of IEEE 14, 30, 57, 118 and 300 Bus Test Systems are illustrated and compared with those of the AC load flow calculations.
Integrating simulation models created using different simulation systems is a common problem when constructing virtual platforms. Different companies and different departments can create models, and virtual platforms for different purposes using different tools. There are also existing models that need to be integrated into new tools, or the other way around. The simulators can be quite different in details, even in the case of transaction-level models. We present work in integrating SystemC transaction-level models into two typical full-system simulation environments, QEMU and Simics. We present issues in reconciling the semantics of the different platforms, and our proposed solutions. In the Simics integration, we additionally enable checkpointing in the models, based on the Simics checkpoint mechanism.
In recent years there has been significant growth in the use of virtual worlds for e-learning. These immersive environments offer enhanced distance learning facilities where students can participate in individual and group activities, using advanced communication tools, inside complex and highly interactive simulations. Video games have entered the mainstream as a popular entertainment format and are starting to be adopted as teaching tools. This paper explores how virtual worlds and video games techniques can be used to create highly immersive and engaging environments for teaching engineering related material. It will show how the presentation layer of remote laboratories, which are traditionally 2-D in nature, could be enhanced by the use of 3-D to facilitate new types of remote interactions and methods of visualizing and interacting with data. The Circuit Warz project is introduced and demonstrates how immersive virtual worlds can be used to create a game based approach to teaching, which supports and complements traditional delivery methods using a collaborative team based competitive format with an underlying hardware infrastructure.
This paper presents a method to estimate the inverter lifetime so that we can predict a failure prior to it actually happening. The key contribution of this study is to link the physics of the power devices to a large scale system simulation within a reasonable framework of time. By configuring this technique to a real system, it can be used as a converter design tool or online lifetime estimation tool. In this paper, the presented method is applied to the grid side inverter to show its validity. A power cycling test is designed to gather the lifetime data of a selected insulated gate bipolar transistor (IGBT) module (SKM50GB123D). Die-attach solder fatigue is found out to be the dominant failure mode of this IGBT module under the designed accelerated tests. Furthermore, the crack initiation is found to be highly stress dependent while the crack propagation is almost independent with stress level. Two different damage accumulation methods are used and the estimation results are compared.
As Digital Signal Processors and digital signal processing technology are in increasing process, optimization of previously developed code for Digital Signal Processors has become more and more important. This paper presents an approach for porting Dolby Pro Logic II audio decoder, from the reference platform to the targeted DSP architecture. The overall system is firstly analyzed and then ported to the DSP platform. The system features are validated and verified using software simulations and audio system measurements in real-time conditions. The application of targeted DSP system is in audio processing for digital TV receivers, mobile phones, headsets, etc. The results have shown that execution time is decreased in the final system, and that higher sampling rates are enabled for better performances.
For the development of an RFID system a flexible counterpart on the transponder side is necessary. On the system it must be possible to implement different standards and allow access to major interfaces of the processing chain of the tag. In the development of new RFID approaches a flexible platform close to the IC is necessary, thus an implementation on an FPGA is beneficial. A model-based approach allows the development of complex systems, starting with system simulation in Simulink/MATLAB in conjunction with additional Xilinx tools. The target bit file is created from the System Generator toolbox for Simulink/MATLAB. A software defined radio platform based on a Xilinx Virtex-4 FPGA was used as a target platform. A specific and well-tested framework is used to facilitate the integration process. The mandatory EPC specification parts of the digital portion of an UHF transponder are implemented and the FPGA performance is tested towards the initial Simulink/MATLAB simulation.
Simulating social and cognitive agent abilities is a very important aspect of agent-based computing. Multi-Agent Based Social Simulations (MABSS) could benefit from incorporating cognitive behaviours. A hybrid simulating approach, considering social and cognitive abilities, provides a more realistic basis for modelling agents and their social interactions. But, how social and cognitive behaviours could be supported simultaneously in MABSS? Is it always advantageous using cognitive capabilities into social simulations? This paper offers a set of general considerations about how cognitive capabilities could be integrated into social multi-agent simulations. It points out the most relevant cognitive requirements of social simulations of a great amount of real scenarios where some agents could carry out cognitive processing while others (a great majority) behave in reactive way. The suitability of several alternatives for integrating social and cognitive capabilities of agents are discussed. The paper also offers several efficiency related arguments and recommendations for using one of the three considered approaches.
At the lunar patrol detection stage, effective and accurate inspection path planning is the prerequisite and basis for lunar missions. This article designed and implemented lunar surface inspection simulation and validation system, the system is to verify the part inspection technology by computer simulation technology, with a view to provide some technical support for autonomous navigation, autonomous mission planning, and related research of the future "Chang'e-third" surface inspections.
In this paper, an overview of a new physical layer specification for power line communications, named Lite-PLC, and simulation and lab test results showing the expected performance of the newly designed PLC modem, are presented. The specification uses OFDM for data transmission and is intended to operate in the low-frequency of 100 - 450 kHz in the ARIB band plan.
Photovoltaic cell is the source of potential energy for the future because it is a renewable energy and pollution free. The potential of photovoltaic cells have not been yet fully tapped due to lack of energy conversion efficiency. However, the recent technology still does not achieve high Watt/m<sup>2</sup> and also it is not cost efficient. Nevertheless, accompanied by some losses such as light reflection loss, recombination loss, grid shadowing loss, and low carrier concentration the energy conversion efficiency of a solar cell remains unsatisfactory. Photovoltaic cell technology still needs to be developed and improved further to obtain optimal efficiency at the least cost. A lot of research work has been done and yet been continued in order to enhance the solar cell efficiency. Among them, surface texturization is quite enough achieved to reduce reflectance through light trapping in the cell enhancing higher light absorption. Also back contact, Emitter-Wrap-Through (EWT) cell technology helps to reduce grid loss and enables double-sided carrier collection. This therefore increases short circuit current. However, at present, Emitter-Wrap-Through (EWT) modeling and texture are used individually. In this paper we promote a possible efficient solar cell design by combining these two features along with a PC1D software simulation, thus enhancing the efficiency of PV cell.
The Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) offers opportunities for improved performance and design flexibility for digital control of power electronics. However, the complexity of Hardware Description Language (HDL) coding can be a barrier for the design engineer. Presented is a system modeling and development environment for FPGA-based digital control that also has the ability to auto-generate HDL code. The method uses Altera DSP Builder technology in a MATLAB / SIMULINK environment to develop a digital power electronics controller. A full-bridge PWM converter for a solar grid-tie inverter was built and close correlation to the model was demonstrated. The method presented provides complete system simulation of power electronics, while also providing the quality and productivity benefits of auto-code generation.
CNC simulation will improve the efficiency of CNC machine tools and ensure the correction of NC code. It is difficult to promote the application of simulation algorithm to specific machine tools. This paper proposes a general description of CNC machine tools kinematic chain. NC code can be checked by workpiece coordinate system simulation effectively; hence a general conversion algorithm from machine coordinate system to workpiece is discussed. CNC machine tools models are built by OpenGL kernel to verify motion and workpiece simulation. The simulation results show that this description is correct and can be applied to any form of multi-axis cascade CNC machine tools.
With the increasing development of computer network and multimedia technology, the virtual simulation for control system modeling is transforming from the centralized system into the distributed system gradually. According to the latest requirements of simulation, the paper introduces a kind of virtual simulation platform based on the web, which is built leveraging Flash technique and Java. With the analysis of MATLAB Simulink simulation program, the system implements the combination of Web communication and virtual simulation. Based on B/S mode, the platform provides a convenient graphic interface and it can be applied through the Internet. The platform accomplishes not only the communication between Flash and database, but the integration between database and Matlab. Consequently, it enriches the approaches of virtual simulation and increases the efficiency of simulation service as well.
Among the possibilities for simulating the immune system, the multiagent systems approach has proved to be attractive, since only the behavior of the types of agents is specified. The global behavior emerges from the interactions among agents. This feature is similar to the behavior of the immune system, consisting of large amounts of cell types that interact to maintain the body health. The simulation of the immune system requires modeling various types of cells and substances. This paper presents the modeling of a software agent that simulates the behavior of the mast cells. Some simulations were performed to validate the model.
The center fed disk antenna is used for comparing between the known moment method (MM) solution based on expanding the surface current density J<sub>&#x03C1;</sub> (&#x03C1;) on the disk, and the proposed MM expansion of the field component E<sub>&#x03C1;</sub> (&#x03C1;) outside the disk, on the disk plane. It is shown that for R &lt;; &#x03BB;, 3 current basis functions or 3 field basis functions are enough for excellent convergence of the solution. However, for R &gt;; &#x03BB;, more current basis functions are needed for getting a reasonable solution, while 3 field basis functions are enough for getting accurate solutions, where R is the radius of the disk and &#x03BB; is the wavelength. CST software simulations are in good agreement with the MM results.
The paper presents a novel control approach for induction generators (IG), that can equally be applied in systems with speeds ranging from normal to ultrahigh levels. As an example of application, an energy system is shown developed for utilising waste and renewable energy sources, using ultrahigh speed turbine-generator set for electromechanical energy conversion. The proposed solution combines space vector control (SVC) with hysteresis control (HC) for self-excited induction generators (SEIG). Application of IGs instead of synchronous generators (SG) have significant advantages, such as lower cost, brushless construction (in squirrel cage construction), ruggedness, and that they are practically maintenance free. In high speed and ultrahigh speed applications SEIG systems due to their advantageous properties nowadays get greater attention. The solution presented makes it possible to operate the IG in a wide speed and load range cost effectively, compared to the alternative solution, where a PWM AC/DC converter is used to ensure the magnetizing current for the induction machine. The design and modelling of the system are based on theoretical analyses and computer simulation techniques. The proposed control scheme has shown symmetrical three phase currents and voltages and excellent voltage and current regulation with significantly reduced current ripples and voltage distortions.
The following topics are dealt with: smart grids; electricity markets; power system simulation; distributed power generation; renewable energy systems; HVDC; FACTS; power electronics; power quality; asset management; power engineering education; building wiring; power system control and power system ICT.
Multi-Agent Systems (MAS) have the potential to solve Active Network Management (ANM) problems arising from an increase in Distributed Energy Resources (DER). The aim of this research is to integrate a MAS into an electrical network emulation for the purpose of implementing ANM. Initially an overview of agents and MAS and how their characteristics can be used to control and coordinate an electrical network is presented. An electrical network comprising a real-time emulated transmission network connected to a live DER network controlled and coordinated by a MAS is then constructed. The MAS is then used to solve a simple ANM problem: the control and coordination of an electrical network in order to maintain frequency within operational limits. The research concludes that a MAS is successful in solving this ANM problem and also that in the future the developed MAS can be applied to other ANM problems.
Environmental concerns, coupled with dwindling fossil fuel supplies, and growing government support, have resulted in increasing amounts of electricity generated from renewable energy. As the number of these installations rise, their influence on the behaviour of the electrical power system becomes more apparent. Transmission System Operators (TSO) carry out power system dynamic simulations in order to investigate the effect of renewable energy systems on the stability and reliability of the grid under varying operating conditions. Correct initialisation is an essential step in the dynamic model. This paper describes a three step methodology for correct initialisation of power systems dynamic model for an ocean energy system. The methodology is validated using DIgSILENT Power Factory simulations.
In a two tier cellular network consisting of conventional macro cells underlaid with home user-deployed femtocells, cross tier interference significantly reduces the average sum throughput of the system. This work considers the downlink cross tier interference problem in Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access (OFDMA) based heterogeneous systems. We analytically derive a frequency reuse pattern for femtocells deployed in macrocells (employing soft frequency reuse scheme) such that the cross tier interference is minimized. The impact of power control factor<sup>1</sup> on cross tier interference is also analyzed and system simulation results are presented to ascertain the veracity of the analysis.
High Speed Railway(HSR) scenario was currently agreed as the main scenario in the 3GPP Rel.11 study item, Mobile Relay for E-UTRA. Usually, communications of high-speed railway systems suffer from problems such as Doppler spread, radio condition abrupt change and handover failure. Mobile relay is a promising scheme to solve these problems, but the quantitative performance improvement to HSR has not been fully evaluated and analyzed. In this paper, a high speed scenario with mobile relay integrated is presented to analyze these issues for LTE Advanced system. The proposed mobile relay solution with group mobility is evaluated by a series of system simulation which witnesses an improvement in train user throughput as well as system throughput, and higher handover success ratio with a decrease in radio link failure ratio.
Inter-cell interference coordination (ICIC) is one of the key technologies in the multi-cell radio resource management of mobile systems. ICIC must be effectively used to reduce the mutual interference of edge users in heterogeneous network (Het-net), where the interference scenario becomes more complicated. ICIC plays a significant role in improving cell edge spectrum efficiency. In this paper, the limitation of traditional ICIC method is analyzed and a novel ICIC method based on User' position is proposed for the improvement of the downlink ICIC efficiency. By the system simulation, it is approved that the edge user throughput and system average throughput may be improved in different degree respectively.
There exists a certain level of correlation between wind speed and load. This paper uses clustering algorithms to consider these two correlated variables. Eight different approaches are presented, applied to a wind farm, and finally, compared using reliability analysis. As a system simulation methodology, Monte Carlo is used for reliability analysis and estimation. This paper suggests using the efficient clustering approach in a wind farm to compute a reliability index.
Low voltage Ride through (LVRT) capability has become more and more an issue for newly integrated wind turbines. To the best of our knowledge, this paper is the first to develop field tests for real wind turbines on Northeast China wind farms. It is therefore different from other papers that validate LVRT control strategies through running software simulations on a computer. To examine a single wind turbine's LVRT capability, wind turbine's terminal voltage dip is achieved by using a grid voltage dip emulator, which is located on the 690V side of the generator transformer. Apart from that, short circuiting a wind farm's 35kv transmission line is implemented to testify a wind farm's LVRT capability. This short circuit test is more efficient than the previous one to deal with massive wind turbines in a large area. By artificially making various grid fault circumstances, dynamic behavior of DFIG and PMSG wind turbines are analyzed and compared in both of these tests. Various control strategies such as active/passive crowbar and chopper protection schemes are verified in reality. New active/reactive power compensation methods are investigated and compared.
A multi-GHz arbitrary timing generator (ATG) design is described and demonstrated in a hardware prototype. The objective of the ATG is to realize ATE hardware that nearly matches the unlimited timing flexibility of software simulation tools. The ATG allows timing edges to be programmed at almost any desired point within the test, with minimal constraints. The delay of every edge can be changed on a cycle-to-cycle basis. The period (frequency) can be changed on a bit-by-bit basis. Real-time algorithmic calculation of timing values is accomplished using a pipelined FPGA controller so that highly complex timing sequences can be synthesized. The ATG generates timing edges according to the FPGA calculations, and combines these with serialized digital &#x201C;pattern&#x201D; data to create the desired signal waveforms. A prototype supports ~10ps resolution and achieves approximately +/-20ps accuracy (including 6&#x03C3; random jitter). Its maximum sustainable data rate is 3.2Gbps (non-multiplexed) and 6.4Gbps (multiplexed). Bursts patterns up to 10.0Gbps are also demonstrated. Minimum pulse-width is ~70ps.
It is obvious that hybrid propulsion ship with shaft generator system can make much better use of energy, thus with high efficiency. A novel Variable Speed Constant Frequency (VSCF) shaft generator system used on modern ship is analyzed and its structure, operational principle and control strategy are studied in this paper. The system simulation model of the shaft generator system is built in the paper and some simulation results are achieved. The simulation results show that many operation conditions of the shaft generator system, such as the synchronization, operation in parallel with the diesel generator (DG) set with good load sharing performance and splitting can be achieved successfully and stably. It is well suitable for the modern ship power system with a variety of requirements.
Based on Finite Element Analysis (FEA) of Permanent Magnet Synchronous Motor (PMSM), after taking into account of magnetic saturation and cross-coupling effect, the relationship between flux linkage and stator current becomes nonlinear. Making use of two-dimensional surface to fit the flux linkage and stator current, then solving partial derivative to the fitted flux linkage with respect to stator current, time variable self and mutual inductances of PMSM are obtained, and then, the mathematical model of PMSM is established considering magnetic saturation, cross-coupling and cogging torque. Based on the suggested PMSM model, the maximum torque per ampere (MTPA) control is researched and implemented for vector controlled PMSM system, and the comparison with traditional vector controlled PMSM system is studied. At last, system simulation is carried out to validate the effectiveness of suggested MTPA control.
With the emergence of Multi-Core platforms, brain emulation in the form of Artificial Neural Nets has been announced as one of the important key research area. However, due to large non-linear growth of inter-neuron connectivity, direct mapping of ANNs to silicon structures is very difficult due to communication bottleneck. As the system grows in size the conventional bottom up approach for building the system is no more feasible. New methodologies for generating the system from high level specification are mandatory to cope with design complexity. Recently, Multi-core systems using NOC architectures offer a promising solution to this issue and are also scalable. In addition, the growing logic size FPGAs makes them ideal platforms for experimenting on ANN emulation. In this paper we present how ANNs can be mapped to a NOC based multi-core FPGA platform using a scalable and expandable methodology for rapid prototyping of complex applications. The platform is quickly generated by the NOC System Generator tool by describing the system using an XML configuration file. Using this methodology, a small ANN is successfully mapped to the NoC based platform. Results of the design space exploration of multi layer perceptron on various NOC platforms are presented.
We report an approach to achieve effective crowd control strategies through adaptively evolving an agent-based model of Crowd Simulation for Military Operations (COSMOS). COSMOS is a complex system simulation platform developed to address challenges posed by the Military Operations in Urban Terrains (MOUT). Modeling and simulating soldiers' tactical behaviors in MOUT scenarios is challenging due to the complex and emerging behaviors of crowds and large parameter space of the models. Consequently, it is difficult to search for effective crowd control strategies through tuning the model parameters manually. We employ an adaptive evolutionary computation approach, using the Complex Adaptive Systems Evolver (CASE), to address this challenge. Specifically, we conduct experiments using a &#x201C;building-protection&#x201D; scenario, where the operation plans of soldier agents are adaptively evolved to best control a crowd. The results suggest this approach using agent-based simulation and evolutionary computation techniques is promising for the study of complex military operations.
Combination of emulation and simulation offers the hope of both functional and temporal fidelity when modeling large scale networks and the applications that use them. Emulation of unmodified software gives functional fidelity, but not necessary temporal fidelity. We addressed this in prior work by embedding the OpenVZ virtual machine system in virtual time. Validation reveals that there are network timing errors whose magnitude depend on the length of a virtual machine execution timeslice. A natural question asks to what degree these errors impact the behavior of applications. For instance, if an application is relatively insensitive to these errors, we can increase performance by allowing larger emulation timeslices. We study a variety of applications with different network and CPU demands. We find, surprisingly, that difference in application behavior due to simply using OpenVZ often dominate the errors, implying that we need not be overconcerned about errors due to larger timeslices.
This paper first discusses the ranking of electric power system dynamic behavior in a dynamic security assessment system. This ranking is calculated by combining seven performance indices based on fuzzy logic. These security indices are applied to monitor the security level of the power system. Secondly, the paper focuses on the application of voltage source converter based high voltage direct current (VSC HVDC) transmission for improving this ranking. Due to the advantages that VSC HVDC has, such as fast and decoupled active and reactive power control, the power system stability can receive many benefits after a disturbance such as damping the oscillation of the load angle of the generators as well as voltage support. The validity of the technique is tested on an exemplary 11-bus system using PSS<sup>&#x00AE;</sup>NETOMAC software simulation. This procedure can be applied to both off-line as well as on-line applications.
The increasing share of wind power production in the electrical system is a challenge for TSOs, power producers and electricity markets. Grid reinforcements and extensions will be necessary for a secure integration of renewable energy sources into the electrical system. Based on a combination of three highly sophisticated models the effects of wind power production and grid expansion on the European electricity market prices are evaluated. Using a high resolution numerical weather prediction model the actual wind power production is simulated for three scenarios covering the years 2010, 2020 and 2030. These scenarios are taken as an input to a regional power system model computing a cost optimal macroscopic grid expansion. In a last step the European market prices are simulated using the power system simulation tool PSST. The influence on market prices and load flows, before and after the evaluated grid expansion scenarios, are analyzed as well as the costs and benefits of the proposed grid extensions. The results for both future scenarios in 2020 and 2030, display that the proposed grid expansion is amortized in around 6 years. In addition to that important social-economic benefits arise due to lower average electricity prices.
The GATE package is used to perform Monte Carlo hadrontherapy simulations of a cancer treatment combined with the complete description of an associated positron emission tomography (PET) imaging device for dose monitoring. This study aimed to demonstrate that the GATE platform has the capability to perform realistic simulations in the field of hadrontherapy, combining both dose and imaging system. We defined the simulation configuration as a carbon ion pencil beam scanning of a thorax CT phantom together with a complete PET imaging system. Two main positron emitters resulting from nuclear 12C reactions are considered in this study: 11C and 15O. We studied the produced data to analyse the interest in using a full PET system simulation instead of the usual Gaussian smoothing applied on the positron emitters map. We found differences in the distal position of the signal falloff of 20% between full PET system simulation and the Gaussian model. We also studied the influence of the 15O isotope in PET images and found the contribution to falloff of this isotope to be negligible (4%), which suggests the inclusion of 15O isotope in the simulation is not necessary. Finally, we analysed the impact of dose delivery on PET image quality and found a difference of 20% on the PET estimation falloff between doses of 10 Gy and 1 Gy. This study shows that GATE, implemented on a computing system with large number of CPUs (>;1000), has the potential to be used for quantitative evaluation of imaging protocols for radiation monitoring.
Modern systems often contain special-purpose hardware for performance and power reasons. It is sometimes difficult to know a priori the best decomposition of the system from performance point of view. Since different components are designed by different teams it also difficult to ensure that the whole system would function properly when various components are put together. These risks can be mitigated substantially if one can build rapidly an accurate and fast prototype of the system being designed. Such prototyping does not extend the time-to-market if the design methodology ensures that there is an automatic or semiautomatic path from the prototype design to the real product design. Our methodology has three essential aspects: reusing complex blocks involving domain expertise; experimenting with designs to achieve goals such as cost, performance, and power; conducting high-fidelity full system simulation, including software, throughout the design process. We will illustrate this methodology using several prototypes we have built over the past few years - AirBlue, H.264, Mulicore PowerPC simulator and BlueSSD.
The following topics are dealt with: system simulation; processor generation; low power design; reconfigurable systems; signal processing; image processing; GPU82; dynamic architectures; adaptive management; processor designs; smart image sensors; and dataflow programming.
Are you trying to integrate interactive simulations, applets, case studies, courseware or other web-accessible materials into your classes? Where do you go to find these digital learning materials? How do you evaluate the quality of the materials you do find? Are there digital learning materials available that are aligned with the ABET criteria? Are there related resources for assessing student outcome assessments that you can use? How can you customize your course website with supplemental materials for students? How can you find a collection of self-studies that can be used to guide a department as they prepare for the ABET review process? This workshop introduces faculty who are interested in integrating digital learning materials in their courses to a set of criteria and methods useful in selecting and evaluating the quality of these materials to help achieve their course goals. The workshop focuses on the 10,000 educational resources cataloged in the Engineering Pathway digital library (www.engineeringpathway.org) and goes through the resources and tools available for faculty to use to locate, evaluate and select helpful digital learning materials to achieve their teaching and learning goals. Participants will be introduced to a general intellectual framework for integrating digital learning materials that stresses identifying the particular learning objectives and pedagogies for the use of particular materials. Participants will be introduced to two sets of evaluation criteria, those used in the Premier Award for Excellence in Engineering Education Courseware and another set that is used to guide catalogers as they register materials in a digital library. They will have a hands-on opportunity to apply these criteria to better understand the metrics for quality in digital learning materials, and how to apply these metrics to materials they are considering using to help achieve their course goals. The workshop also helps faculty locate courseware that can help - atisfy the ABET criteria for evaluation. For those preparing for the ABET review process, the Engineering Pathway identifies a number of self-study that can be used to guide departments in the development of measurement instruments and processes. Lastly, the workshop will introduce new tools for student engagement with history of technology and well as current news in each discipline. Annotated textbooks with links to context-sensitive links to Engineering Pathway resources will also be explored.
Accurate system simulations have proven to be a valuable aid during the development process and help to decrease the time-to-market and the amount of design iterations, thus keeping development costs at a moderate level. Therefore a frequency-modulated continuous-wave (FMCW) radar system simulation environment has been built up, enabling for performance analysis of millimeter-wave radar frontends for automotive applications. A key parameter especially for radar systems applying the FMCW principle thereby is the linearity of the frequency ramp as it directly affects the quality of the target signal and thus the performance of the entire radar sensor. Hence in this scientific paper we investigate the influence of a phase noise afflicted VCO on the target signal detection, and the range resolution respectively. Leeson's equation is applied to model oscillator phase noise and the results show which parameters are crucial for the radar system. Eventually a two-target scenario is calculated to substantiate the statements taken.
Controllers obtained from popular H∞ loop shaping techniques have much higher order than that of the plant and are difficult to implement in industrial applications. To overcome this difficulty we propose the H∞ loop shaping control under fixed order controller. First we design the H∞ optimal controller by applying the McFarlane and Glover procedure and obtain the corresponding performance index. Secondly, we specify the desired controller structure with few parameter, first order controller or PID controller. Finally, the simulated annealing algorithm is used to optimize the cost function and specified controller parameters. The H∞ norm of closed- loop transfer function is minimized by using simulated annealing algorithm. The resulting optimal controller stabilizes the system and guarantees for the specific performance. To check the effectiveness of proposed techniques, resulting controller parameters are evaluated for performance via system simulations. Simulations results demonstrate the efficiency of proposed technique.
Computer models are frequently used for scientific research. Since scientific models are usually targeted at a specific application, using them in an educational setting is not straightforward. At Maastricht University, the CircAdapt model of heart and circulation has been developed as a scientific research tool. The model describes hemodynamic interaction between the left and right ventricle as well as mechanical interaction of three wall segments. Pressure-volume relations are obtained by simulating the pulmonary and systemic circulations. To transfer this model to a user-friendly educational tool, an approach was chosen allowing stepwise definition of educational cases (e.g., exercise, hypovolemic shock, and cardio-genic shock) in teacher mode. In student mode, interactive simulation is possible by changing model parameters defined in teacher mode. Consistent use of the same graphical user interface throughout the curriculum familiarizes students with computer simulations.
As the brush less DC motor is more and more widely used, relating control algorithm need more and more precise and intelligence. In this paper, after studying the fuzzy control and the neural network theory, a single neuron fuzzy self-adaptive PID control algorithm is presented for speed control of the brush less DC motor. The Matlab software simulation results show that the single neuron fuzzy self-adaptive PID control algorithm has more robustness, faster response speed and more excellent adaptive capacity than increment PID, and PID based on quadratic performance index learning algorithm of single neuron adaptive. Thus the algorithm can be widely applied to the actual control system.
This paper presents a new architecture of ultra-high data rate millimeter-wave transceiver based on six-port technology that is demonstrated for operating over the V-band frequency from 60 GHz to 64 GHz. Since the unlicensed bandwidth allocated in this frequency band is extremely large (around 7 GHz) in the North America, the frequency-division-multiplexing scheme is used by introducing four QPSK channels in the wireless communication link studied in this paper. The data rate reached is 4 Gbit/s. To obtain realistic system simulation results, the proposed millimeter-wave six-port receiver model is based on the measurements results of a fabricated V-band ceramic hybrid coupler circuit. Bit error rate results and comparison between single-carrier and multi-carrier architectures are presented and discussed, thus proving that the proposed wireless system is an excellent and efficient candidate for future high-speed wireless communication systems.

Secondary development on the advanced and mature simulation platform achieves the simulation goals rapidly. Combined with the futures of the airborne anti-submarine combats, the distributed interactive simulation system based on the MAK is built. The CGF framework of airborne anti-submarine and the sensor, controller and actuator of the components are researched. The Stealth and VegaPrime are used to develop visual simulation system of anti-submarine helicopter submarine. The battlefield environment above and under water is simulated. The primary simulation case works. The results can be referred by the combat simulation system which is built on the MAK platform.
Molecular dynamics is an important computational tool to simulate and understand biochemical processes at atomic level. However, large system simulations with many atoms and numerous time steps require huge amount of calculation and in traditional CPU, it is time-consuming. During the past few years, graphics processing units have become an important computing platform in many scientific fields, especially in high performance computing community. In this paper,implementation of solute-solute and solute-solvent interaction calculation with NVIDIA's Tesla C1060 will be presented. Therefore, the implementation enables users of GROMOS software for biomolecular simulation to run the whole nonbonded interaction evaluation on the GPU. Our experimental results are ten to twenty times faster than the conventional sequential implementation running on the CPU core.
As in other computer architecture areas, interconnection networks research relies most of the times on simulation tools. This paper announces the release of an open-source tool suitable to be used for accurate modeling from small CMP to large supercomputer interconnection networks. The cycle-accurate modeling of TOPAZ can be used standalone through synthetic traffic patterns and application-traces or within full-system evaluation systems such as GEMS or GEM5 effortlessly. In fact, we provide an advanced interface that enables the replacement of the original lightweight but optimistic GEMS and GEM5 network simulator with limited performance impact on the simulation time. Our tests indicate that in this context, underestimating network modeling could induce up to 50% error in the performance estimation of the simulated system. To minimize the impact of detailed network modeling on simulation time, we incorporate mechanisms able to attenuate the higher computational effort, reducing in this way the slowdown of the full system simulation with accurate performance estimations. Additionally, in order to evaluate large-scale networks, we parallelize the simulator to be able to optimize memory resources with the growing number of cores available per chip in the simulation farms. This allows us to simulate node networks exceeding one million of routers with up to 70% efficiency in a multithreaded simulation running on twelve cores.
Presents a collection of slides from the author's conference presentation. This work enables assessment of tradeoffs between NextGen operational and environmental objectives at the NAS-wide scale
A Fast synchronously rotating reference frame (FSRRF)-based voltage sag detection under practical grid voltages for voltage sag compensation systems is proposed in this paper. The proposed voltage sag detection is also based on abc-dq transformation as conventional synchronously rotating reference frame (CSRRF)-based voltage sag detection but adding of 2ω component eliminator (2λ component is generated by synchronously rotating reference frame-based transformation in unbalance voltage sag conditions) and dedicated band-stop filter (BSF) (to exclude the effect from harmonic voltages in practical grid voltages) then very fast voltage sag detection time under practical grid voltages condition is achieved. The computer software simulation and the experimentation are made to investigate and verify the operation of proposed voltage sag detection. The detection time of FSRRF-based voltage sag detection is around one eighth of CSRRF-based voltage sag detection in the case of single-phase voltage sag and around one fifth in the case of two-phase voltage sag. This voltage sag detection can be used in any voltage sag or interruption compensation systems to improve their performance.
The workplaces in current deep-level mines are refrigerated by vast, complex, chilled water systems. These complex refrigeration systems are unique to each mine and change over time. AngloGold Ashanti realised that special methods are necessary to deal with this complexity and started collaboration with M-Tech Industrial to develop integrated simulation models of the entire thermal-fluid system. This was done using the locally developed software FLOWNEX. This paper demonstrates some of the benefits of integrated system simulation in the identification and evaluation of methods for saving energy. As case study, a mine with 7000kW refrigeration and pumping electrical load was found to present an opportunity for between 1500kW and 1800kW saving, provided the end-usage components in the system, the cooling cars, are properly maintained. Chilled water temperature optimisation presents an opportunity of around 500kW, provided the cooling car flow control functions as intended. These options would have been difficult to identify or evaluate without having an integrated simulation model of the overall system.
Spaceborne wind scatterometers has been proved to be an efficient instrument for measurements of ocean surface winds. There have been some experiments show that the polarimetric scatterometer can significantly improve the measurement accuracy compared to the traditional co-polarized scatterometers [1]. In this paper, a Ku-band rotation pen-beam polarimetric scatterometer system simulation model is established and compared with co-polarized mode, further demonstrates that polarimetric scatterometer has better wind retrieval quality. Then discuss the factors affecting the performance of the polarimetric scatterometer.
In this paper the main objectives of the ESA-ANISAP study are summarized and the first results are presented. The existing end-to-end software simulation tool developed for a couple of counter-rotating Low Earth Orbiting (LEO) satellites has been upgraded and utilized for this work. The Integrated Water Vapor (IWV) - Spectral Sensitivity (SS) and the Integrated Liquid Water (ILW) - SS relationships are shown assuming the acquisition of IWV and ILW at 3,6, and 9 km tangent altitude jointly with that of SS at 17, 19, 21 and 32 GHz. Such relationships are obtained for a global set of atmospheric vertical profiles, in order to compute the regression coefficients of the IWV-SS and ILW-SS relationships based on a linear least squares fit.
This paper discusses the application of virtual reality display of Chinese painting and calligraphy, acupuncture, Taiji Taiji pushing handsing hands and other Chinese cultural elements. Using virtual reality technology can not only demonstrate the movement details of Chinese painting and calligraphy, acupuncture, and Taiji exercises, but also involve the visitors better, allow them to consciously imitate the processes, and to experience and understand the subtlety of Chinese culture. Prior to this, the foreign and domestic audiences have mostly been exposed to Chinese culture in the visual forms. Even though there were some all-round displays, they can not possibly come to know the subtle approaches or the very fine correspondence between heart/mind and actions of the artists, performers and healers. This paper presents discussion and design of the virtual simulation system for interactive display platform of traditional Chinese culture that can be applied to exhibition halls and for education purposes.
This paper applies the up-to-date intelligent simulation ant colony algorithm to dynamic container truck scheduling. It proposes to take in real-time traffic information through GPS and to solve the problem on container truck scheduling with consideration of the optimal capability of ant colony in the searching process of food resources. Meanwhile, it puts information entropy into ant colony algorithm to improve the efficiency. Furthermore, computer simulation technique is to be used to combine scheduling model with the process, and then the dynamic container truck scheduling model is established.
The solution of large sparse network equations is a recurrent problem in almost every algorithm of power system simulation, which is widely used in offline analysis, online stability assessment and control. Nowadays, processor architectures are moving toward the integration of more cores on one chip, whilst traditional serial and parallel software can not fully exploit the performance of multi-core processors. The paper discusses the parallelizing methods for solving large sparse network equations on multi-core processor platforms. The available and feasible parallelizing algorithms such as W-matrix method and BBDF method are investigated. Implicit and explicit parallelization strategies are studied. The parallelizing complexity and computation efficiency are analyzed as well. Refactoring software code to parallel code is a significant ongoing topic of research not only for PCs but also for parallel systems.
With the car type pulse combustion furnace in a steel plant as research object and the k-e two-equation turbulence model is adopted, this paper makes numerical simulation and research on the furnace temperature field, then obtains the distribution and offset angle of burners that could organize burning rationally and effectively. These provide a basis for ensuring the furnace temperature uniformity, further improving the heating quality and re-optimizing the furnace structure. The system simulation and practical running results show that the uniformity of furnace temperature field is improved greatly. It satisfies the needs of high quality heating of billets.
A discrete event system simulation model for cruising taxis is proposed. The dynamic processes of taxis searching for passengers and providing travel services are simulated. The impacts of search strategies and radio dispatch system are studied. Through a simulation experiment, it is shown that strategies based on history information can help to raise system efficiency, and cruising taxis can not benefit from equipping a radio dispatch system.
Aiming at the difficulty of tank unit combat formation recognition in virtual simulation training, the recognition method based on BP neural network is put forward. After analyzing the definition and character of the tank unit combat formation, the recognition strategy for tank unit formation is put forward. Then the recognition model based on BP neural network is built. In order to get plentiful swatch data, a random swatch creation model is constructed. The experiment shows that the method is feasible and the recognition model is effective, which can satisfy the requirement identifying tank unit formation in virtual simulation training.
To solve the problem that traffic safety risks is difficult to identify and compare quantitatively for the new road or accident black spots, the virtual simulation tests (VST) system is put forward combined the numerical simulation. The driver module on vehicle speed control, the vehicle dynamic network solution module, traffic environment 3D model, traffic safety management and control module, human-vehicle-road virtual simulation module are presented. The VST is used to detect the safety risks of the Baoshan-Longling freeway of Yunnan province and to analyze the safety improvement project of the Xi'an-Hanzhong freeway of Shaanxi province. The results show that the VST is effective to identify the road safety hazardous and the potential accident incentives, which has important significance for improving the operation safety and traffic management of road.
The paper describes a new methodology developed for model calibration and simulation of water distribution networks, starting from real time monitoring of pressures and flows throughout the system. In particular, the data recorded at the measurement stations are transmitted via GPRS to a server, archived in Oracle format, and used by the numerical simulator. Model calibration is based on a genetic algorithm running on a periodical basis within the simulator, in order to update the values of the coefficients representing the distribution of water losses. The application to a real network allowed to identify the areas with major problems, and to program leakage detection surveys and system rehabilitation, thus resulting in considerable water savings and reduction in pumping costs.
For Analysis of curve-running performances and influencing factors of maglev guidance system. This paper is based on double bogies system and investigates influences of pendulum-structure when system running on the curve. Firstly, system structure and simplification conditions are described. Secondly, dynamics model of carriage and kinematics model of bogies have been set up. Thirdly, formulas of movement and pulling forces of pendulums have been deduced. Finally, system simulation has been realized by Matalab/simulink and acquired function curves of pendulums at different running speed. Moreover, according to curves of simulation and testing, influence of pendulums on guidance system has been analyzed and obtained regulation of guidance currents. Results indicate forces of pendulums acting on bogies are relative to running speed and railway parameters, composition of moments is a constant nearly 3KN.m on circular curve of radius 400m, which makes bogie I revolve clockwise and bogie II revolve anticlockwise, then guidance currents are compensated along diagonal of bogie for supplying electromagnetic forces. Change trend of currents by simulation analysis basically coincides with testing curves, and when running speed is overhigh and guidance currents are not increased in time, guidance gaps close to inner curve and at both ends of system will be decreased faster, which maybe cause collisions of guidance magnets and guideway and the positions are corresponding with testing phenomenon. The conclusions show that system model is reasonable and the results are valuable for betterment of guidance controller and curve negotiation capacity and analysis of the whole maglev train.
Based on the analysis of the difficulties in design and manufacturing and cutting edge curves of many kinds of revolving milling cutters, a design method is presented in this paper for a new type of cutting-edge. The general differential equation is given so that the cutting-edge, the three-grooves and the grinding wheel to grind can be satisfied. The actual grooves and cutting-edges of virtual manufacturing are presented. The general feeding speeds of grinding wheel used in 2-axis NC machining of the cutter were deduced. The virtual simulation of the taper ball-end cutter is carried out. It has been proved that the traditional problems in designing and manufacturing are solved successfully in this way, simultaneously the process is much simple for it can be formed only in one time elementarily.
With the increasing power system and new electrical devices continue to emerge, the power system operation and control became more and more complex. At the same time power system simulation software is also put forward higher requirements. In order to adapt the whole process and large-scale trends of power system simulation, a power system simulation program interoperability and integration issues are proposed. In this paper, a CORBA-based power system simulation platform is proposed to solve interoperability and integration issues. The platform adopts IEC61970 standard object-oriented modeling of power system and has good maintainability, scalability and flexibility. It provides a new way of thinking for the whole process dynamic simulation of power system.
In order to analyze movement process of the working device of multi-functional wheel loader and to calculate the load of every part, Denavit-Hartenberg method was applied to establish the kinematics of mechanism model, and simultaneously established the dynamics model of hydraulic system. A multi-body dynamics software MSC. ADAMS and its hydraulic module was applied to build mechanism-hydraulics system simulation model. A whole working cycle process of the working device of wheel loader was simulated, and the analysis results comprehensively show the movement process of the working device and the loaded condition of every part, verify the mechanical properties of the working device and dynamic performance hydraulic system successfully.
We study the impact of video frame drops in buffer constrained multiprocessor system-on-chip (MPSoC) platforms. Since on-chip buffer memory occupies a significant amount of silicon area, accurate buffer sizing has attracted a lot of research interest lately. However, all previous work studied this problem with the underlying assumption that no video frame drops can be tolerated. In reality, multimedia applications can often tolerate some frame drops without significantly deteriorating their output quality. Although system simulations can be used to perform video quality driven buffer sizing, they are time consuming. In this paper, we first demonstrate a dual-buffer management scheme to drop only the less significant frames. Based on this scheme, we then propose a formal framework to evaluate the buffer size vs. video quality trade-offs, which in turn will help a system designer to perform quality driven buffer sizing. In particular, we mathematically characterize the maximum numbers of frame drops for various buffer sizes and evaluate how they affect the worst-case PSNR value of the decoded video. We evaluate our proposed framework with anMPEG-2 decoder and compare the obtained results with that of a cycle-accurate simulator. Our evaluations show that for an acceptable quality of 30 dB, it is possible to reduce the buffer size by up to 28.6% which amounts to 25.88 megabits.
Presents a collection of slides from the author's conference presentation. This work enables assessment of tradeoffs between NextGen operational and environmental objectives at the NAS-wide scale
This paper quantitatively investigates the trade-offs in the compensation of error floor on iterative decoders. The characterization of iterative decoding systems prone to error floor at low noise is a great challenge as techniques based on software simulation are inadequate due to the extremely long simulation time required. We compare the BER performance as measured at very low BER using hardware accelerators and study the cost of compensation techniques in terms of hardware complexity and throughput. Specifically, techniques based on the use of diversity in LDPC decoders and the use of concatenated BCH-LDPC codes are considered and corresponding hardware optimizations are discussed. It is shown that an introduced synergy of error-floor compensation techniques achieves substantial coding gain up to 1 dB at low noise, not possible by conventional LDPC or BCH decoders. In addition, hardware reductions are achieved in the BCH subsystem, due to simple post-processing in the LDPC decoder.
A comparison between three different types of labs, namely augmented reality remote labs, virtual labs and handson is carried out. The availability of hands-on labs in engineering and science education that require costly equipment and instruments is restricted for little and limited periods of time for a huge number of students. Solutions to bypass these problems are through the introduction of augmented reality (AR) remote labs and virtual labs. AR remote lab augments the real experiment scene with virtual objects. On the contrary, a virtual lab is a software simulation, which is an imitation of a real experiment represented by a mathematical model. The paper focuses on an empirical study that compares an AR remote lab developed specially for this purpose with its corresponding hand-on and virtual labs.
FPGA-based prototyping is nowadays common practice in the functional verification of hardware components since it allows to cover a large number of test cases in a shorter time compared to HDL simulation. In addition, an FPGA-based emulator significantly accelerates the simulation with respect to bit-true software models. This speed-up is crucial when the statistical properties of a system have to be analyzed by Monte Carlo techniques. In this paper we consider a multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) wireless communication system and show how integrating an FPGA accelerator in the software simulation framework is key to enable the development of complex hardware components in the receiver, from algorithm all the way to chip testing. In particular, we focus on a MIMO detector implementation based on the depth-first sphere decoding algorithm. The speed-up of up to 3 orders of magnitude achieved by hardware-accelerated simulation compared to a pure software testbed enables an extensive fixed-point exploration. Furthermore, it allows a unique characterization of the system communication performance and the MIMO detector run-time characteristics, which vary for different configuration parameters and operating scenarios and hence require a thorough investigation.
Navigation, radar and communication systems rely on radio signals. Objects in the vicinity of these systems can create distortions. This paper outlines the advanced computer system simulation by the integrated scattering analysis with the aid of numerical methods and the adapted system signal processing. Some practical cases are outlined.
In recent years the number of deployed embedded systems increased significantly. These system-on-chips are widely used for high-availability as well as security applications. Therefore, the reliable operation of these devices plays a vital role and disturbed operation can lead to loss of confidence and trust. To ensure correct operation during random or intentional fault events, injection techniques for system simulation and emulation have been presented. The targeted use of these approaches is often difficult because of the device complexity and the lack of knowledge about internal processes after a fault has been activated. To improve the current state-of-the-art in this field this paper presents fault propagation analysis and hardware checker generation techniques based on static VHDL code analysis. These help to gain a deeper understanding of system internal propagation paths and their influence on normal operation. Physical layout data is included to enable the mapping of a fault attack location to its corresponding logic gates. Hardware checkers enable higher fault injection evaluation efficiency by removing masked system parts from the target space.
Nonlinear failures of control valves, such as valve stiction, are often encountered in process industries. This degrades the performance of control loops and systems. Modeling and analyzing various valve nonlinearities are essential for either failure prevention or fault diagnosis. The physical model of a typical pneumatic control valve is introduced and modeled by using object-oriented AMESim toolkit in this paper. Four common failures of valves are simulated by setting specific physical model parameters. Operating data are obtained through the closed-loop feedback control system simulations. Nonlinearities are successfully verified with the existing nonlinear testing methods. The testing results validate the proposed physical model. The generated faulty operation data can be utilized for further study, especially for control valve fault diagnosis and nonlinear compensations.
The test pool with a dragging system is one of the basic security conditions for the development of underwater equipment. With the difference of test items, the dragging system technical requirements are also different, through the simulation to simulate the motion strategy of the drag platform and parameter characteristics. According to the technical requirements of a dragging system, we make the movement of the trailer system, calculate the design parameters and design a system-wide movement based on the Qt + OSG technology software simulation.
This paper deals with a stability analysis of a cutting process in the manufacturing sector. High performance systems are desired with fast machine tools that can reduce machining time while still maintaining and possibly improving machining accuracy. Manufacturers are now turning to advanced software simulation packages which can accurately predict the dynamic behavior of their prototype designs without physically building any parts, hence saving development time. The global manufacturing sector drives companies to produce products which are on the border of technical feasibility.
As tactical military networks deploy new IP-capable radios (e.g., JTRS), it is expected that network connectivity will increase both within and among Service and Coalition networking domains (e.g., Army, Navy, NATO). Joint commanders will likely desire control of this increased connectivity to complete their mission goals. One mechanism known to (coarsely) manage multiple disparate IP networks is BGP routing policy. As such, this paper presents an experimental framework to estimate BGP's policy impacts on mission outcomes (e.g., expected Blue/Red casualties). In support of this effort, a testing platform was developed by integrating an agent-based combat simulation tool with a large-scale network emulation platform. Here, the simulation tool provides military mission modeling (e.g., force movements) and metrics (e.g., casualties counts) while the network emulation platform models the mission's underlying communications network (e.g., link characteristics, protocols, policy). Using this testbed, a sample military mission was evaluated over three communication architectures. The first architecture connected (Blue) mission units together using (fixed) point-to-point circuits, whereas the latter two used shortest-path (dynamic) routing and policy-based (dynamic) routing, respectively. It was found that both dynamically routed network architectures provided better Blue/Red casualty ratios and higher network reachability than the fixed, point-to-point network architecture. However, the addition of BGP policy did degrade performance relative to short-path routing. Furthermore, the degradation in mission and network performance did vary based on the BGP policies implemented. This paper's results imply that if policy-based routing is to be considered as a network management element for newly deployed joint IP networks, further experimental assessment is needed to understand the inter-relationships between BGP policy, mission outcomes, and network performance.
There is a growing need to defend networked information systems from cyber-attacks. Cyber security analysis tools are key enablers in analyzing the attacks and developing defenses. In this paper, we present the Cyber Analysis System Toolkit (CAST), a high-fidelity, scalable, virtual test-bed for cyber systems modeling, experimentation and analysis. At the heart of CAST is the Common Open Research Emulator (CORE). CORE uses network emulation techniques that provide a high degree of modeling fidelity while maintaining network scalability. We use CAST to develop network emulations of a representative security model called Virtual Secure Enclaves (VSE). We evaluate different security model implementation options (including defense-in-depth concepts) for this illustrative example. The design options include combinations of firewalls and TLS VPNs, firewalls and IPsec VPNs, and defense-in-depth concepts that use multiple layers of these combinations. We use these models to analyze and quantify network performance metrics such as latency and throughput. For example, by adding two layers of TLS and IPsec VPNs, we see that latencies increase by ~400msecs for representative video traffic. We have also investigated latencies for a variety of traffic types. Our main contribution is a real-time, high-fidelity model of a representative 100-node operational network with embedded security features.
Hybrid network emulation (HNE) comprises a discrete event simulated network and virtual machines that send and receive traffic through the simulated network. It allows testing network applications rather than their models on simulated target networks, particularly mobile wireless networks. Scalability of this test approach is hindered by the time divergence problem: for complex, large-scale simulations, discrete event simulation time advances slower than real time, distorting packet propagation characteristics. To address this problem, we developed TimeSync, a system that uses discrete event simulation time to control and synchronize time advance on virtual machines for large-scale hybrid network emulation. In this paper, we describe how TimeSync controls and synchronizes time perception in hybrid network emulation between simulator and virtual machines, and present experimental results.
Lab-based operationally realistic testing for the next generation tactical SA, C2 and network management applications over wireless tactical network architectures has always been a challenge due to limited access to live radio hardware and the inability to set up the operational environment in the lab even if live assets are available. In this paper we describe how network emulation can be the basis for a lab-based testbed that offers an operationally realistic environment to test live tactical applications. Our approach involves the use of high fidelity models to represent the underlying tactical network as well as the tactical environment to a high degree of accuracy such that the live applications cannot discern between live and emulation. Such an approach can in a cost effective manner address the challenges of development test and evaluation that several DoD programs are currently facing, as well as be employed in lab based risk reduction activities that are conducted prior to live operational test events (such as the NIEs). We illustrate our approach with a case study on how network emulation can be used for operationally realistic testing of the JTRS Enterprise Network Manager application in a lab based environment for both development testing as well as lab-based risk reduction prior to a live operational test.
Along with expansion of deregulated power systems in countries, new subjects such as demand response programs (DRPs) have been provided to create demand-side participation. Also, smart grids help customers to be able to participate in electricity market more effectively. Demand-side participation improves power system utilization, operation and also has a great effect on social welfare. This paper studies the impact of smart grid on implementation of emergency demand response programs (EDRPs) as a new form of DRP. In this regard, the EDRP is model based on an exponential DR model with consideration of incentive rate for customers who respond to reducing their loads is developed. The methodology is demonstrated through different scenarios simulated on Iranian power system. The impact of smart grid on EDRP programs is discussed and it is shown that EDRP programs would be executed more effectively in a smart grid. Simulation results are carried out on MATLAB software by numerical simulations.
In this paper, we develop an effective inter-cell interference coordination (ICIC) scheme for co-channel interference in downlink orthogonal frequency division multiple access (OFDMA) networks through cognitive sensing performed by subnet nodes in heterogeneous network (Het-Net). The more co-channel interference is detected and avoided, the more power is saved for both macro BS and subnet nodes. The strategy framework of the cognitive critical ratio and the number of subnet nodes is set up for interference management aiming at maximizing net saving power for the whole system. The framework is modeled as multiple objective non-linear programming (MONLP), employing parallel vector evaluated particle swarm optimization algorithm (VEPSO) to obtain the global optimum solution. Utilizing dynamic traffic loads, we could figure out the optimal deployment of low-power BSs. Finally, the practical implementation in Het-Net for long term evolution advanced (LTE-A) is designed. The numerical evaluation and system simulation results demonstrate the applicability and effectiveness of the proposed interference management framework.
Capabilities of M-sequence radar front-ends have been shown in the past. For further system enhancement, specifications of constituent components can be re-aligned using system simulation. In this article, we want to present a system simulation setup for Agilent's Advanced Design System (ADS) which allows us to assess the impact of individual components on typical radar parameters. The latter characterize the performance of the overall system and it is their optimization which is targeted. For this purpose, new ADS stars, i.e. components for the (timed) synchronous dataflow (TSDF) simulator, have been implemented. Appropriate antenna models have been identified from literature and the signal deformations they impose are clearly visible from the simulated impulse response. Thus, simulations help to determine the antenna type suitable for the application. Due to the multiple signal domain simulation ability of ADS Ptolemy, it can be switched from a pure model based simulation to a transient-TSDF co-simulation during the design process. Using an appropriate channel model, such simulations provide a good estimate of real system performance right in advance to the actual component implementation and they help to keep track of real components agreement with the predicted behavior. Thus, a fair amount of flexibility is added in the design process compared to the former real-circuit component based approach.
Detection and classification of low SNR signals are crucial for an efficient adaption of the cognitive radio to the changes in the radio environment. This paper describes threshold-based signal detection and HMM-based classification using cyclic frequency domain profile of spectral coherence. The performance of the considered radio signal detection and modulation classification, obtained using software simulation models, is shown, as well.
The aim of this paper is to investigate microstrip multilayer antenna using computer simulation technology (CST-2010) simulation. In this way, improvement bandwidth of the patch antenna is increased by using multiple layer dielectric substrates. It is known that bandwidth of microstrip antenna is small and varies directly with the size of the patch, increasing size of patch to improve bandwidth makes it large. Thus to overcome the bandwidth limitation without increasing antenna size, a patch on multiple layer scheme has been designed to reduce the effective dielectric constant. This ensures that bandwidth increases greatly while size is not change. Performance parameters like bandwidth and reflection loss have been evaluated and compared with that obtained from single layer substrates. Results suggest considerable improvement in bandwidth using the proposed patch antenna design on multi layered substrate. The designed patch has a size of 8*8*2 mm3 and gives a bandwidth and gain of 920 MHz and gain 2.8 dB at 5.491GHz.
This paper introduced the discrete time programming and the simulation by using Matlab/Simulink? of the conventional Direct Torque Control (DTC) with a Fuzzy-Logic-Based (FLB) speed regulator for PM synchronous motors. Fist the conventional DTC principle for PM synchronous motors is analyzed and simulated by using a Proportional Integral (PI) speed controller. Then instead of using the PI controller a proposed Fuzzy-Logic-Based (FLB) speed controller is embedded on the conventional DTC scheme in order to compare the performances of both designed speed regulators under different operating points. Discrete time simulated results confirm that the proposed intelligent controller provides better results than the commonly used classical one.
This paper introduces a 1/4 wavelength dielectric coaxial resonators as the distributed parameter elements, by a lumped chip capacitor coupled band-pass filter. According to the design of filter technology indicators, determine the type of filter, series, and structure. Then the parallel resonant structure is replaced with a high dielectric constant dielectric coaxial resonator, based on the microwave network theory to calculate the values of the structural parameters of microwave dielectric filter. In microwave filter optimization simulation stage; because the commercial electromagnetic software simulation the cost is huge, filter the whole simulation optimization is a very complicated process. Space mapping method combining circuit optimization speed and electromagnetic simulation accuracy; improve the efficiency of filter design. In the optimization process, we used equivalent circuit model as coarse model in ADS, fine model was simulated in Ansoft HFSS.
The practical feasibility of any proposed algorithm could be tested only by hardware implementation of the algorithm. However, in cases involving wireless infrastructure based networks, hardware implementation may be very costly and time consuming. Hence, software simulations are used for these cases. In this paper, we have discussed the approach to be taken to implement any algorithm in any real time simulator. As a test case, we have implemented a simple infrastructure based centralized cognitive channel allocation algorithm for WiMAX BWA system under QualNet 5.0 software. The performance of the algorithm is then validated in terms of Spectrum Utilization and System Throughput for both Poisson and Pareto Arrival Rate of the end users. The results are further compared with results obtained from MATLAB 7.3.0. Unlike MATLAB, the impact of the lossy environment and layered architecture of the nodes is embedded in the results obtained from Qualnet. A fall of 4% in Spectrum Utilization and 3.8% in Throughput is observed in Qualnet compared to MATLAB.
This paper proposes a dc-dc converter compensating for PV cell output voltage of residential photovoltaic generation system. It is possible to compensate for the voltage drop due to temperature rise, using 600W isolated dc-dc converter for 3kW residential PV cell system. To verify the proposed system, the system operation is verified through simulation.
Accurate high level system simulation is difficult to obtain without first capturing the behavior of the individual components through physical testing and measurements. Early in the design phase the individual components have yet to be built and tested, thus compromising the accuracy of the simulation. In this early period of the design stage, the component models are created by relying solely on their constitutive relationships. Furthermore, it is difficult to incorporate physical effects such as spatial harmonic and nonlinearities into such constitutive based models. Once the design stage reaches the component level, there exists a number of physics simulators for every discipline involved: thermal, mechanical, electromagnetism and fluid dynamics; these simulators, based on numerical methods, provide high fidelity detailed information about the component. However, having an accurate multi-physics virtual model of a system at the 3D level and at the system 0D level remains a challenge. This paper will introduce a methodology to apply simulation at every step of the design cycle, from the early functional design stage to the detailed component optimization to the verification stage of the vehicle dynamics. It involves system simulation, component level multiphysics analysis using numerical methods, Reduce Order Models techniques and embedded software import. The example used to demonstrate this is the fuel consumption analysis of a hybrid electric vehicle.
In this paper, a 10kW three-phase voltage sag compensator and control algorithms are proposed. Three-phase voltage sag compensator is able to compensate for input voltage sag or interruption and provides a secured electric power to the critical loads such as computers, automation equipment, and communications equipment. The compensator detects a voltage sag or interruption within 2-msec and provides the rated voltage from supercapacitor bank to load. To provide clean sinusoidal voltage even in the nonlinear load, selective harmonic elimination method for voltage control is proposed and added to the synchronous reference frame PI control. By using the method, THD less than 5% is achieved in the linear and nonlinear load. The feasibility of the proposed methods is verified through simulation and experiments with a 10kW prototype of three-phase voltage sag compensator.
Current virtual simulation techniques often include multi-user interactivity in virtual environments that can be controlled in real time. Such simulation techniques are mostly employed in virtual military training sessions and in real time gaming experiences, where users have to make more strategic decisions by analyzing the information they receive, in response to the actions of the other users in the same virtual environment. Generally, in the real world, collaborative decision making takes place when a team of people work together to control the behaviour of a single object which cannot be handled alone by an individual. A ship with its crew can be held as an example. When applying this scenario into virtually simulated environments, multiple users have to involve in representing a single object in the virtual world. These users need to obtain sufficient information about the activities in the environment that will contribute to the collaborative decision making process. Out of many sources, visual information is the most reliable source the users tend to depend on. The use of traditional static displays to obtain visual information limits the capability of providing a rich set of information about the 3D environment. Head Mounted Displays address these limitations while introducing several new problems. On the otherhand, our work is focused on exploring how smart devices can be employed by a collaboratively working team of users to obtain visual information to the level beyond which a static display provides, thus aiding the process of decision making. To serve the above purpose, we propose a solution, “Virtual Eye”, which uses a smart mobile device with the ability to view the visual output of the virtual world and the ability to control that view according to user's orientation changes and movements with the use of its inbuilt sensors.
Software optimization techniques are necessary to fully utilize modern high-performance computer architectures. In development of the optimization techniques, repetitive simulations are needed to evaluate multiple candidates of optimization methods on partial code of program. Simulation of entire program codes generally takes huge amount of time. Therefore, a problem occurs that repeated simulations make the evaluation time enormously long. In this paper, we propose an incremental software simulation, a method for reduction of evaluation time for the development of software optimization technique by using check pointing and code substitution. Check pointing technique allows us to save and restore simulation process image. We can limit execution of the simulation only to necessary parts of the target programs by using code substitution. Our method can reduce the evaluation time by check pointing the simulation process and by resuming the execution from the checkpoint after modification of the check pointed process image. Evaluation results show that the total simulation time is reduced 34 percents on average in SPEC CPU2000 benchmark programs.
Controlling the power consumption of many Demand Side Resources, DSRs, will be required in the future power system where a big share of the electric energy will be produced using stochastic renewable sources and the conventional power plants might not have the flexibility of providing all the regulating power. Indirect control of demand side resources is supposed to shift the electric power consumption of each single unit through broadcasting of a control signal; the flexibility in the aggregated power consumption can be used for supplying balancing power to the electric power system. Indirect control approach is convenient from communication point of view since the real-time data flow is only in one direction because the decision is computed locally according to user preferences. On the other hand, this approach results in an open loop control scheme, since it is assumed that no real-time power readings from the units can be performed. The aim of the paper is to discuss the performance of an emulated closed loop control using an estimator for predicting the aggregate power response and a regulator. By using these components it is possible to produce a control signal to broadcast to distributed demand side resources. A population of DSRs, buildings with electric space heating, is indeed simulated in a software simulation platform using an hardware in the loop approach, that allows to feedback the real heat dynamics of SYSLAB FlexHouse into the simulations for pretending more realistic result.
This study used the LabView FPGA to implement the Reed-Solomon codes (R-S code) on the NI SDR PXIe-5641R FPGA module. Besides providing a detailed discussion on the encoding & decoding mechanism of R-S code, this studycompleted software simulation and hardware verification of R-S (63, 47, 8) code. When the error probability is 10-5, the coding gain of R-S (63, 47, 8) can be up to 4dB. Compared to the R-S (31, 15, 17) code using m = 5 [8], when the Eb/N0 is 5dB, the error probability of is 10-2, and the error probability in thisarticle is 10-4, indicating that the R-S (63, 47, 8) implemented in this study has better correction capacity. At same bit error probability Pb = 10-5, the Eb/N0 value of R-S (31, 15, 17) is 7dB, yet, the Eb/N0value of R-S (63, 47, 8) is 5.5dB. There is a 1.5dB difference between them. When the error probability is 10-4, the Eb/N0 of R-S code (63, 47, 8) in this study is about 5 dB, and the R-S (63, 47, 8) [9] is 7 dB. There is a 2 dB gain for the R-S code in this study. The result of the compiling verification of the 5641R FPGA module of LabView FPGA Reed-Solomon code shows that the Total Slice use rate is 6.8% the use rate of the Slice Register is 2%, and the use rate of the S lice LUTs is 4.5%.
The paper sets up simulation and test system of relationship of electric load and power supply of finite capability power system based on research status quo of this question. This system can analysis the mutual influence of electric load and power supply and can be used for the design or choice of power supply equipment.
Running satellite navigation channel simulation system for satellite navigation system simulation has many kinds of benefits, such as reserving the signal characteristic of satellite or signal source, adapting to navigation signal structure variation, and distinguishing the final impacts on satellite navigation system performance made by navigation signal source and channel characteristic apart. First of all, the structure of environment-simulation channel in channel simulation system is introduced in this paper, then the impacts on system simulation made by environment-simulation channel dynamic delay is analyzed, and the expression of the error resulting from dynamic delay when simulating single point positioning and timing, and single channel common-view time transfer, is derived.
Modeling tools are useful for educational and industrial use. Such tools help the new engineers to simulate the power system under normal and faulted conditions. This paper presents the design and various data conversion steps of a digital frequency relay. The designed relay will cover both over and under frequency conditions. The digital relay has superiority over electromechanical relay in terms of accuracy and speed. The large frequency variations could lead to complete power system blackout. History has seen several blackouts due to frequency instability, either due to supply-demand unbalance or N-1 contingency. After distributed generation and the possible islanding issues, frequency relay has again gain the attention of the researchers and industrialists. The performance of proposed digital frequency relay will be observed under different system dynamics on MATLAB/SIMULINK?.
One of the most effective Flexible AC Transmission Systems (FACTS) that was used in power system, is the unified power flow controller (UPFC). In this paper, the modeling of a new structure of UPFC based on indirect matrix converter (UPFC-IMC) that is controlled by space vector modulation (SVM), is developed to consider of dynamic studies of power system. Through the presented modeling, the transient and steady states responses of UPFC-IMC are well investigated. The results of the investigation are presented for the transient and steady states by simulating the proposed system in MATLAB changing each system parameter.
In recent years generation of electricity using wind power has received considerable attention worldwide. Induction machines are mostly used as generators in wind power based generations, since induction machines have a stability problem as they draw heavy reactive power. To improve stability of the system reactive power compensation is provided. In the literature various methods have been already suggested for improving the reactive power using different controllers. This paper deals with voltage stability improvement of a distribution system embedded with Wind Turbine Induction Generator (WTIG) by using power electronics based Flexible AC Transmission Systems (FACTS) based Distribution Static Compensator (DSTATCOM). The behavior of the system during the load condition is investigated. The study is carried out by three-phase dynamic simulation of distribution system component models. Simulation are presented for different cases such as with and without capacitors and also for with and without Distribution Static Compensator (DSTATCOM). The simulation analysis of voltage stability and reactive power compensation of distributed system with Wind Turbine Induction Generator (WTIG) is performed using MATLAB/SIMULINK.
The accurate and reliable measurement of the system parameter is very essential for safe and stable operation of an electric power system. In particular, for measurement of current and voltage. Conventionally this is achieved in high voltage systems by expensive and bulky iron-core transformers. Research efforts are in progress since many years for viable alternatives to instrument transformers, focusing mainly on reduction of cost, improvement in safety measures and accuracy of measurement. This paper proposes an alternative method for measurement of high current using piezoelectric transducer. The performance of designed system is verified through simulation on MATLAB/SIMULINK platform. A prototype model was developed in the laboratory to verify simulations results. Successful results in this field have opened the way to propose alternatives for measurement of high current.
This paper discusses the use of a hybrid system in the field of Computational Intelligence in order to refine the measurement dataset used for determination of the parameters for static load models in Electric Power Systems (EPS). The objective is reducing the effects of natural fluctuation observed in measurement dataset resulting from random loading aggregation and disaggregation on the system under study. Specifically, it is used a fuzzy logic system for processing the filtering of measurement data obtained in the field. It is also important to note that the used approach makes the adjustment of the membership functions of a fuzzy linguistic variables using a meta heuristic called differential evolution. As a result, it is possible to get parameters both for ZIP and Exponential models with mean errors lower than those obtained with raw measurement dataset. The validation of this proposal uses measures that have been made at a CEMIG utility substation in Minas Gerais state, Brazil.
This work presents a performance study of a dc microgrid when it is used a voltage droop technique to regulated the grid voltage and to control the load sharing between different sources. A small model of a dc microgrid comprising microsources and loads was implemented in the Simulink/Matlab environment. Some aspects about centralized (master-slave) and descentralized (voltage droop) control strategies as well as the procedures to design the controllers, with and without droop control, are presented and discussed. Simulation results obtained with the digital model of the dc microgrid with three microsources will be presented to validate the effectiveness of the voltage droop strategy, applied to proportional and proportional-integral controllers, to regulate the microgrid voltage.
For now, the urban land has become more scarce and expensive. So, for the parking lot, the traditional manual management mode that has low land utilization must be changed in order to decrease building area and enhance land utilization. For this purpose, this paper proposes a design based on PLC to control intelligent garage. This plan uses the S7-300 serial products of Siemens as main control device, and use the HMI touch panel to collect the location information when picking or parking. After being calculated by S7-300, a control signal will be transmitted to relay for moving the parking platform to assigned location, achieving that automation of car in and out garage management. The feasibility and validity of this system has been verified by software simulation in the STEP 7.
The main application of laser range technology are phase technique and pulse technique. The paper based on the introduction of the basic theory of laser ranging. Mainly introduces the laser range technique of single modulation continuous-wave. By measuring the integer sine wave number and the phase difference of laser modulation signal on the way light and forth to confirm the target distance. This method not only guarantees the accuracy of measurement but also improves potential measure distance. The feasibility of single modulation continuous-wave laser range technology has been proved by programming and software simulation. The paper makes analysis of relationship between frequency and distance.
Based on modeling of photovoltaic cell and array according to project requirement and modeling of converter according to grid-connected control tragedy, the model of photovoltaic generation system is established. By principle of constant power-loss, the equivalent method of large photovoltaic station is proposed in order to being applied in large power system simulation. Thereafter, making use of the new acquired model, the analysis of security and stability of 2011 Haixi Grid integrating large-scale photovoltaic station is constructed, including security characteristic, steady state stability limit and transient stability limit in power delivery and receive mode, so as to guide the operation controlling and planning in Haixi Grid.
Students' curiosity often seems nearly nonexistent in a lecture setting; we discuss a variety of possible reasons for this, but it is the instructor who typically poses questions while only a few students, usually the better ones, respond. As we have developed and implemented the use of InkSurvey to collect real-time formative assessment, we have discovered that it can serve in an unanticipated role: to promote curiosity in engineering physics undergraduates. Curiosity often motivates creative, innovative people. To encourage such curiosity, we solicit questions submitted real-time via InkSurvey and pen-enabled mobile devices (Tablet PCs) in response to interactive simulations (applets) run either before or in class. This provides students with practice in asking questions, increases metacognition, and serves as a rich springboard from which to introduce content and/or address misconceptions. We describe the procedure for measuring curiosity and results from applying this method in a junior level electromagnetics engineering physics course. We conclude that students are indeed more curious than they appear in class, and students participate even without extrinsic motivation. This method of enhancing curiosity using interactive simulations coupled with real-time formative assessment in response to open-format questions could be implemented in a wide variety of engineering courses as well as elsewhere.
This paper is a review of electrical simulation tools used for power system analysis with emphasize on applications based on renewable energy sources. The paper classifies simulation software into two classes: tools used for monitoring and controlling renewable systems and simulation tools used for modeling, designing, and simulating power systems.
Contemporary and next-generation wireless, wired and optical telecommunication systems rely on sophisticated forward error-correction (FEC) schemes to facilitate operation at particularly low Bit Error Rate (BER). The ever increasing demand for high information throughput rate, combined with requirements for moderate cost and low-power operation, renders the design of FEC systems a challenging task. The definition of the parity check matrix of an LDPC code is a crucial task as it defines both the computational complexity of the decoder and the error correction capabilities. However, the characterization of the corresponding code at low BER is a computationally intensive task that cannot be carried out with software simulation. We here demonstrate procedures that involve hardware acceleration to facilitate code design. In addition to code design, verification of operation at low BER requires strategies to prove correct operation of hardware, thus rendering FPGA prototyping a necessity. This paper demonstrates design techniques and verification strategies that allow proof of operation of a gigabit-rate FEC system at low BER, exploiting the state-of-the-art Virtex-7 technology. It is shown that by occupying up to 70% - 80% percent of slices on a Virtex-7 XC7V485T device, iterative decoding at gigabit rate can be verified.
Almost all the current literature is focused on smart grids as a neat way to manage power generation and its delivery. This trend was acceptable in the period of idea generation and development; however in the delivery phase, we will have to further extend the concept and broaden its application. The smart grids should consider more energy related applications, e.g., including and monitoring the Natural Gas Grid and enhancing their role in supporting peak load shifting applications within the smart grid. This paper shares the current efforts for promoting smart grid concept by investigating integration of gas grid into smart power grids. Three ways for potential integration; in addition to PHEVs, and possible energy grid architecture, were presented. The importance of forecasting models on the energy grid infrastructure development and its infrastructure requirements were elaborated.
In this paper, a novel approach for digital image encryption and decryption via embedded FPGA Ethernet transmission is proposed. Taking multi-wing butterfly chaotic attractor as an example, based on Euler algorithm and variable ratio expansion transformation, by programming C language under the Linux operating system, the continuous time chaotic system is converted to the discrete chaotic system and the digital chaotic sequence is generated as image encryption and decryption on the embedded FPGA-based platform. According to the principle of driving-response synchronization, a scheme for chaotic secure communication of a 512×512BMP static color image is implemented via Ethernet transmission on the embedded FPGA platform with XUP Virtex-II Pro chip. Moreover, the system design, software simulation and hardware implementation results are also given.
In this paper we examine the use of radio frequency and wireless contention simulation models within the context of a complex network emulation. We show how through modelling of key parameters in radio equipment we can build a model of real Defence systems and emulate network scenarios with mobile plat-forms.
As more embedded devices equipping with the capabilities of computing and communication, integrating devices through Web Services is considered to be the most potential solution for better interoperability among devices and up-level applications. But making a device Web service accessible is a costly and somewhat daunting task for the high heterogeneity of both hardware and software in devices. This paper proposes a logical device model to abstract and unify various devices as logical Web services. This model aims to promote the efficiency of accessing and deploying of Web services on embedded devices. It can support system simulation with `virtual' devices which even don't need to have a `real' counterpart. A framework is provided to support DPWS protocol stack and deal with implementation issues with resource conflicts. It can adapt to a heavy device which is as powerful as a general desktop PC, or a light one which is very resource-constrained. Experiments with a tiny sensor with MCS-51 MCU, an air conditioner with ARM7 CPU and a notebook PC demonstrate the effects f proposed model and framework.
This paper represents a versatile simulation process of a photovoltaic module mainly using matlab function in simulink platform. To analyze the characteristics curves single diode circuit model and a SOLKAR 36 W PV module is used. The P-V and I-V curves obtained from this model for various radiations and temperature are investigated. This model can also be used for the simulation of any specified PV module with least changing in parameters.
This paper analyzes the impact of Renewable Distributed Generation on a 4.02 MVA Radial Distribution Network of a particular area of Gujarat state, India. Distribution System software simulation of existing Network revealed severe voltage regulation problems in major portion of the Network, overloading of few sections and high losses. A methodology has been developed and presented in this paper for determining appropriate locations for integration of Renewable Distributed Generators within the Distribution Network with the objective of improving voltage profile and reduction in losses. After the integration of Renewable Distributed Generation in the Network as per the methodology developed, the simulation results reveal that the minimum voltage in the Network is within the permissible regulatory limits and significant loss reduction is achieved. Also an advantage is increased Network reserve capacity to cater additional load with the same existing Network.
Kalman filter has long been used in aircraft integrated navigation systems as the main instrument of estimating navigation errors. Its main advantage over simpler state estimators is the ability to adjust filter's gain according to observable signal instability. But it is possible to use simple observers if filters gain is stationary regardless of aircraft maneuvers. In this paper the model of navigation errors dynamics is considered. This model is used in Kalman filer in integrated system simulation. Frequency domain representation of vehicle dynamics is used in this simulation to investigate filter stationarity. The results show that filter gain is stationary regardless of motion dynamics.
This research is aimed to present technical loss analysis in Vientiane capital. Electricite? du Laos (EDL), the state enterprise company that is responsible for transmission and distribution of electricity in Lao People's Democratic Republic (Lao PDR). The purposes of this research studies are technical line losses and reduce power losses of distribution in Vientiane capital by using CYMDIST program as tool for simulation. The considering techniques for reducing losses are following: power factor correction by fixed/switch capacitors or capacitors placement, reconfiguration or switching optimization. The total loss is 8,117.4 kW at peak load of all feeders in substations. The total loss has reduced as following: capacitor placement decreases 2,465.5 kW, reconfiguration or switching optimization decreases 1,381.0 kW. Therefore, the total technical losses of distribution are decreased 3,846.6 kW or 47.38%.
In this paper, an experimental application focused on energy quality observation is developed and power factor correction for the electrical power systems is simulated. The required parameters are obtained from the system by electronic cards and then transferred to the computer. As the controller a (DAQ) Data acquisition card is used and also a user-friendly interface is prepared for computing and managing all of the information to show power quality, event detection and power metering. The interaction between user interface and the system is supplied via OPC server communication. Powerful capabilities for the measurement, analysis and monitoring of electrical energy has been obtained by using real-time data.
In this report In this report, the speed control of a modern pitch-regulated wind turbine has been investigated. The control structure operates without any knowledge of the wind speed or shaft torque, instead these quantities are estimated from the rotor speed and electric power. A novel approach for development of FPGA-based wind turbine control system used in isolated network in MATLAB/Simulink environments was proposed. The software tools in Matlab/Simulink environments, related design procedure and system architecture were presented.
Applicability of cognitive radio (CR) techniques to satellite communications is investigated and classification for the possible applications is foreseen in this paper. The proposed application scenarios include a) secondary use of satellite spectrum by a terrestrial system, b) secondary use of terrestrial spectrum by a satellite system, and c) a hybrid scenario where terrestrial network coverage is expanded by the use of satellite spots. Key challenges and enabling technologies for each scenario are discussed. Link budget analyses and system simulations are used to define operational limits for interference management in the mentioned scenarios regarding spectrum sensing, transmission power control, and directional antennas. The results show that CR techniques should be applied with caution in satellite bands. However, obvious potential to improve the spectrum efficiency can be seen in each scenario.
The phenomenal growth in mobile data traffic calls for a drastic increase in mobile network capacity beyond current 3G/4G networks. In this paper, we propose a millimeter wave mobile broadband (MMB) system for the next generation mobile communication system (5G). MMB taps into the vast spectrum in 3-300 GHz range to meet this growing demand. We reason why the millimeter wave spectrum is suitable for mobile broadband applications. We discuss the unique advantages of millimeter waves such as spectrum availability and large beamforming gain in small form factors. We also describe a practical MMB system design capable of providing Gb/s data rates at distances up to 500 meters and supports mobility up to 350 km/h. By means of system simulations, we show that a basic MMB system is capable of delivering an average cell throughput and cell-edge throughput performances that is 10-100 times better than the current 20MHz LTE-Advanced systems.
Previous research has justified the use of a state space model for describing smart grid system dynamics. A fault or intrusion in the grid can be found by recognizing a change in system matrices of the state space model. A new hypothesis testing-based approach using the Locally Optimum Unknown Direction (LOUD) test has been proposed to detect possible changes. Previous work has shown that the LOUD test makes reliable change detection decisions with less observed data than the well accepted Generalized Likelihood Ratio (GLR) test. Here we employ realistic simulations of the IEEE 14-bus system to more fully evaluate the LOUD test. We investigate the fitness of the linear state space model. We compare the performance of the LOUD test with the optimum ideal likelihood ratio test. We also look at the influence of the sampling rate on the detection performance.
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant disaster of March 2011 revealed much about Japan's lack of preparedness for nuclear accidents. Despite the brave efforts of its labor force leading up to, and in the aftermath of, the reactor explosions, it became apparent that coordination and communication were disorganized. The research summarized in this paper will examine how students in Japan and UK collaborate; eventually towards a better understanding of the challenges and possible solutions when dealing with disaster recovery such as Fukushima. The context for collaboration is set within a 3D virtual world with students programming robots to follow distinct circuits. The immersion affect of programming, constructing, collaborating and communicating is captured to determine task criteria of educational value. This interdisciplinary `information science' research incorporates computer science, cognitive science, the social sciences, communication and design.
The suitability of the ST Microelectronics 65nm CMOS LP SOI process on HR substrate for a 100Gbit/s fiber-optic SCM transceiver LNA is examined in this paper. A broadband single stage and three stage LNA, using requirements derived from system simulations, were designed with bandwidths from 2GHz to 40GHz and 2GHz to 26GHz at gains of 5dB and 15dB respectively. A noise figure of ~5-7dB was obtained. Although the LNA noise figure is not as good, when compared to LNAs designed using other semiconductor technologies, it is still sufficient to be considered for the application, and has the advantage that it can be integrated with complex digital and analog baseband CMOS circuits.
A new single phase high performance input side switched AC-DC Cuk converter is proposed. A bidirectional switch is formed by a unidirectional semiconductor switch with proper positioning of the bridgeless diodes at the input ac side for power conversion for both positive and negative half cycle. Because of the high frequency input side switching, the power factor of the circuit is inherently corrected and it requires a small filter to make the input current near sinusoidal with limited THD. The significant improvement in THD makes the circuit a good choice in applications needing AC-DC conversion with power conditioning. The circuit exhibits such performances with variable loads at constant frequency switching with no additional control circuits. The efficiency of the circuit is also satisfactory. Analysis and simulation results of the circuit are obtained by using software simulation. The main advantage of this new AC-DC converter is its superior power quality.
The paper advocates hot modeling, simulation of HVDC under the aegis of the power system based on comparative surveys of HVDC & HVAC. The High voltage direct current (HVDC) is preferred technology for sending a chunk of power across long distances with fewer losses. HVDC results in higher efficiency, excellent voltage profile, regulation, economical, lesser conductor, no reactive power compensation, healthy stability and reliability than an equivalently-sized high voltage alternating current (HVAC) system transmitting the same amount of power.
In power hardware in the loop (PHIL) simulations, a real-time simulated power system is interfaced to a piece of hardware, usually called hardware under test (HuT). A PHIL test can be realized using several simulation tools. Among them Real Time Digital Simulator (RTDS) is an ideal tool to perform complex power system simulations in near real-time. Stable operation of the entire system, along with the accuracy of simulation results are the main concerns regarding a PHIL simulation. In this paper, a simulated power network on RTDS will be interfaced to HuT through a voltage source converter (VSC). Issues around stability and other interface problems are studied and a new method to stabilize some unstable PHIL cases is proposed. PHIL simulation results in PSCAD and RSCAD are presented.
A variety of internet services closely related with our daily lives are currently being provided due to the advances in information technology and computer industry. Among those services, virtual simulation applications can enable customers to experience various products before they purchase them. An example of such services is a virtual makeup simulation that allows customers to try cosmetics, hair styles, and accessories virtually on their facial images. Those services help people to make a decision when they purchase the products at the stores. However, most of current virtual makeup solutions and products are not realistic enough to precisely simulate makeup procedures and to predict appearances of the users after the makeup procedure is complete. One of the most significant problems is that simulation results are represented with simple RGB color channels without considering characteristics of color equipment such as cameras and monitors. A solution to those problems is color reproduction technology that determines color values that are displayed on monitors by developing color reproduction models based on measurements using special purpose measurement devices. In this paper we propose an approach to simulate makeup procedures and estimate skin colors after specific cosmetics are applied based on spectrum data of skins and cosmetics. Our approach produced a convincing simulation results with true color representation by using color equipments characterization and true color reproduction technology. Our approach based on spectral data makes it possible to represent true color of user's skin on which various cosmetics has been applied.
This paper presents a comparative study of three real-time algorithms for power system model identification, parameter estimation and state prediction using real-time Phasor Measurement (PMU) data available from various selected nodes in a power system. Current modeling and state estimation algorithms in power control centers only use limited amount of data, leading to local observability. Our approach, on the other hand, is to use data from wide regions in the grid to gain insight on the global health of the system. The two main challenges for our approach are, therefore, the large size of the system and the large amount of measured data. Three specific algorithms, namely the Eigenvalue Realization Algorithm, linear least squares and state observer method, are used for this purpose. The first algorithm identifies the global system dynamics from PMU data in real-time, the second relaxes the identification problem as a parameter estimation problem, while the third generates estimate of the global state and, thereafter, computes the impulse response of a selected oscillation mode depending on the participation of that mode on the chosen output. The performance of these three methods is then compared in terms of their computational time delays and accuracy of prediction.
The growing of the electricity distribution infrastructure caused by the increasing number of users and power sources has recently bring about some supply problems. Smart grid technology is a recent proposal that uses computerized systems to improve the availability and reliability of this distribution network. Among the different systems that compose the smart grid, the advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) is one of the most developed nowadays, as hundred of smart metering networks are being deployed in this moment all over the world. These smart meters use different communications protocols so a tool to compare their performance in real networks would be very useful at this moment. To solve this problem, in this paper it is presented a simulation framework that can be used to evaluate the performance of these protocols in real power line networks with only minor changes in the code version that is introduced in real meters. This simulator has been used to compare two of the smart metering protocols available at this moment (i.e. PRIME and ECSS).
Allowing for the conception of future THz indoor communication systems, a simulation environment combining an accurate ray tracing propagation model as well as a physical layer simulator is introduced. Frequency domain ray tracing is demonstrated for a wireless LAN setup in an indoor environment at frequencies from 300 to 350 GHz. On the basis of the results, arising challenges of such ultra broadband communication channels as well as specialties with respect to system simulations are illustrated. Exemplary system simulations employing the realistic ray tracing channel are performed to assess system aspects such as coding schemes, antenna types and phase noise requirements.
The spectacular growth of mobile data traffic calls for drastic improvement in mobile network capacity beyond current 3G/4G networks. In this paper, we describe a millimeter-wave mobile broadband (MMB) system that taps the vast spectrum in 3 - 300 GHz to meet that demand. We discuss the unique advantages of millimeter waves such as spectrum availability and massive antenna arrays in small form factors. We also describe a practical MMB system design that provides Gbps data rate at distance up to 500 meters and supports mobility up to 350 kmph. We show in system simulation that an MMB system with basic configuration achieves more than 30 times cell throughput and cell-edge performance than a 20-MHz LTE system.
Application of ultra high speed induction generators (IG) in a system developed for utilization of renewable and waste energies that can be applied in Distributed Generation System is presented. The energy conversion is made by a turbine-generator set. For the electromechanical energy conversion application of special high speed induction generators has been studied and described in the paper. The design and analysis of the system are relied on computer simulation techniques verified by test results.
In order to fully study a Stirling engine based solar power generation system, a detailed model that considers all thermal, mechanical, and electrical aspects of the system should be used. Research in the area of Stirling engine systems has been performed either without considering the electrical parts, or with a simple model for the electrical parts. Hence, the effects of interactions between electrical and mechanical components are neglected. In this paper, simulation of a solar-powered Stirling engine system is proposed that considers all thermal, mechanical, and electrical aspects of the system. The system is mainly composed of two parts that are the mechanical and electrical parts. The mechanical part includes the Stirling engine that is modeled using thermal and mechanical equations in Matlab/Simulink environment. The electrical part consists of a synchronous generator, an ac/dc converter, a battery, and an electrical dc load that are simulated using Simulink blocks.
A new circuit is proposed for single phase AC-AC conversion using Boost topology. Input Power factor, input current Total Harmonic Distortion (THD) and efficiency of the circuit are examined for the proposed circuit for different duty cycles. As the output is boosted PWM chopped in AC supply, the voltage gain of the converter has both Buck and Boost characteristics. A single bidirectional switch is used for power conversion and results show good performance. Analysis and simulation results for the circuit are obtained by using software simulation. The circuit can be used in low and medium power applications like light dimmer, speed control of fan motors and electric heater control etc. The main advantage of this new AC-AC converter is its superior power quality.
How to get good time-frequency distribution of the noncooperative frequency hopping (FH) signals is crucial to detect and trace the FH signals. In the paper, the noncooperative FH signal model is given firstly, then the principles and properties of the noncooperative FH signal detection based on the rearrangement algorithm of the Morlet wavelet scale spectrum are discussed in detail, and finally through the computer simulation analysis, it's proved that the rearrangement algorithm not only has ideal anti-interference effect, but also improves the time-frequency aggregation performance of the FH signals aiming to implement the blind estimation of the FH signal parameters accurately.
In this paper, the method of layered design is used to build a TD-SCDMA system simulation platform, and the ray tracing is used to establish a deterministic model in real scene. The simulation scene is a high-rise residential area, and is modeled by importing existing network data and latitude and longitude map. Technologies of N-frequency networking and BBU + RRU are also applied in this simulation platform, in the end some Key Performance Indicators in TD-SCDMA system are calculated and analyzed.
The study of the typical multi-cylinder precise forging hydraulic press (TMPFHP) has widespread significance to solve problems of the control of many multi-cylinder precise forging hydraulic presses. Aimed at the problem of the stability of the internal dynamics in the feedback linearization control of the system, with combination of feedback linearization and fuzzy supervision, a layering control method is given. It can not only achieve the tracking accuracy of the output, but also ensure that the internal dynamics is stable. The results of the system simulation show that the method is very valid.
Design of flight control system is a complex system project. In this paper, flight control system for UAV based on MATLAB/Simulink is introduced. The paper also set out core function of mission management in the whole system, formulate the guidance and control law. At the same time, it has an exploratory study of UAV dynamics model, monitor and sensor system, etc. The architecture design of flight control system at the software level is then established. In addition, it provides the rapid prototyping design for flight control system based on MPC Target and xPC target and has a strong engineering application value.
The study of the typical multi-cylinder precise forging hydraulic press (TMPFHP) has widespread significance to solve problems of the control of many multi-cylinder precise forging hydraulic presses. Aimed at the characteristics of the affine nonlinear dynamic model of the system, a synchronization control method based on the feedback linearization decoupling is given to achieve a high accuracy of the system. The result of the system simulation shows that the method is very valid.
In high tech local war, it is necessary to develop the guided projectile system in order to improve the range, accuracy and reaction speed. The missile body attitude measurement system is an important part of the guidance system. Solving the survival problem in shells fired high-g harsh environment becomes one important studying field. Anti-high-g material is discussed, and direct at the performance of anti-high-g for the missile body attitude measurement system, we made the ANSYS software simulation, the Machete test and the live-fire flight test. At last, we get a conclusion that the anti-high-g plan can play a good role to reduce the effect of high-g for the missile body attitude measurement system.
Doubly-fed induction generator (DFIG) has become the most widely applied wind turbine in variable speed constant frequency (VSCF) wind power generation, since it presents many advantages such as variable speed running, the decoupled control of active and reactive power, and the small rotate difference power. Targeting the doubly-fed wind power system, this paper establishes the overall mathematical model composed of wind turbine, drive system, double-fed induction generator, stator flux orientation vector control tactics, maximum power point tracking tactics. Based on the mathematical model mentioned above, the paper writes the S-Function procedures of the different wind circumstances with Matlab/Simulink to set up a double-fed wind power system simulation model. And also taking two step-up wind speeds as examples, simulation studies are made on the dynamic characteristics of the model with the grid connected. The simulation studies show that the model realizes the maximum power point tracking and decoupling control of power, and the double-fed wind power system has satisfactory dynamic characteristics, thus proving that the model established is correct and valid.
Induction motor load will absorb more reactive power during power system fault, and large scale interconnected power system will front transient instability due to the lack of adequate dynamic VAR supporting. This paper focuses on a detailed discussion of the induction motor load as it pertains to voltage stability studies. Meanwhile, a comparative study on the transient support ability of SVC and Cascade STATCOM has been made, and the main factors influencing the ability have also been in-depth discussed. The system simulation model is built in the MATLAB/Simulink environment using the PSB, and the results indicate that the Cascaded STATCOM has better transient support ability than SVC during power system fault, and validate that the instantaneous current single-phase control strategy can ensure Cascade STATCOM continuously operating even under asymmetric fault without over-currents.
Approved energy savings accurately is the key to the success of energy performance contracting(EPC) . Using the manual calculation and software simulation to the approved energy savings is the most energy-saving units' method used, but the accuracy of its approved is unknown. A government office building in Beijing in energy-saving projects of "Eleventh Five-Year Plan" for example, diagnosis its current situation of energy consumption, use the manual calculation method, DeST software simulation, change degree-day method to check and ratify its energy savings. Though its data analysis and horizontal and vertical comparison, provide a reference for the accuracy and stability of the three approved methods.
This paper discusses recent developments of the high-performance computing techniques for the real-time simulation of power systems. Depending on the size of the network and the required resolution, different methods are used: phasor-based method for Transient Stability (TS) simulation, and ElectroMagnetic Transient (EMT) simulation. Modern, fast power-electronic devices also often require high-resolution simulation on FPGAs. The paper discusses these solvers, their commercial availability along with some benchmarks.
Power system simulations involving solution of thousands of stiff differential and algebraic equations (DAE) are computationally intensive and yet crucial for grid security and reliability. Online simulations of a large number of contingencies require very high computational efficiency. Furthermore, since the simulation times across the contingencies vary considerably, dynamic load balancing of parallel contingency analysis (CA) is required to ensure maximum resource utilization. However, the state-of-the-art contingency analysis techniques fail to fulfill this requirement. In this paper, we present EmPower, an Efficient load balancing approach for massive dynamic contingency analysis in Power systems. For single contingency analysis, EmPower uses time domain simulations and incorporates efficient numerical algorithms for solving the DAE. Further, the contingency analysis approach is scaled for large scale contingency analysis using MPI based parallelization. For enabling an efficient, non-blocking implementation of work-stealing, multithreading is employed within each processor. Simulations of thousands of contingencies on a supercomputer have been performed and the results show the effectiveness of EmPower in providing good scalability and huge computational savings.
Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) undergoes extreme heating and acceleration during Entry, Descent, and Landing (EDL) on Mars. Unknown dynamics lead to large Doppler shifts, making communication challenging. During EDL, a special form of Multiple Frequency Shift Keying (MFSK) communication is used for Direct-To-Earth (DTE) communication. The X-band signal is received by the Deep Space Network (DSN) at the Canberra Deep Space Communication complex, then down-converted, digitized, and recorded by open-loop Radio Science Receivers (RSR), and decoded in real-time by the EDL Data Analysis (EDA) System. The EDA uses lock states with configurable Fast Fourier Transforms to acquire and track the signal. RSR configuration and channel allocation is shown. Testing prior to EDL is discussed including software simulations, test bed runs with MSL flight hardware, and the in-flight end-to-end test. EDA configuration parameters and signal dynamics during pre-entry, entry, and parachute deployment are analyzed. RSR and EDA performance during MSL EDL is evaluated, including performance using a single 70-meter DSN antenna and an array of two 34-meter DSN antennas as a back up to the 70-meter antenna.
Space missions for Earth Observation are called upon to carry a growing number of instruments in their payload, whose performances are increasing. Future space systems are therefore intended to generate huge amounts of data and a key challenge in coming years will therefore lie in the ability to transmit that significant quantity of data to ground. Thus very high data rate Payload Telemetry (PLTM) systems will be required to face the demand of the future Earth Exploration Satellite Systems and reliability is one of the major concern of such systems. An attractive approach associated with the concept of predictive modeling consists in analyzing the impact of components malfunctioning on the optical link performances taking into account the network requirements and experimental degradation laws. Reliability estimation is traditionally based on life-testing and a basic approach is to use Telcordia requirements (468GR) for optical telecommunication applications. However, due to the various interactions between components, operating lifetime of a system cannot be taken as the lifetime of the less reliable component. In this paper, an original methodology is proposed to estimate reliability of an optical communication system by using a dedicated system simulator for predictive modeling and design for reliability. At first, we present frameworks of point-to-point optical communication systems for space applications where high data rate (or frequency bandwidth), lower cost or mass saving are needed. Optoelectronics devices used in these systems can be similar to those found in terrestrial optical network. Particularly we report simulation results of transmission performances after introduction of DFB Laser diode parameters variations versus time extrapolated from accelerated tests based on terrestrial or submarine telecommunications qualification standards. Simulations are performed to investigate and predict the consequence of degradations of the Laser diode (acting as a - requency carrier) on system performances (eye diagram, quality factor and BER). The studied link consists in 4×2.5 Gbits/s WDM channels with direct modulation and equally spaced (0,8 nm) around the 1550 nm central wavelength. Results clearly show that variation of fundamental parameters such as bias current or central wavelength induces a penalization of dynamic performances of the complete WDM link. In addition different degradation kinetics of aged Laser diodes from a same batch have been implemented to build the final distribution of Q-factor and BER values after 25 years. When considering long optical distance, fiber attenuation, EDFA noise, dispersion, PMD, ... penalize network performances that can be compensated using Forward Error Correction (FEC) coding. Three methods have been investigated in the case of On-Off Keying (OOK) transmission over an unipolar optical channel corrupted by Gaussian noise. Such system simulations highlight the impact of component parameter degradations on the whole network performances allowing to optimize various time and cost consuming sensitivity analyses at the early stage of the system development. Thus the validity of failure criteria in relation with mission profiles can be evaluated representing a significant part of the general PDfR effort in particular for aerospace applications.
This paper reports on the design and performance of a new Variable Coded Modulation (VCM) system. This VCM system comprises eight of NASA's recommended codes from the Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems (CCSDS) standards, including four turbo and four AR4JA/C2 low-density parity-check codes, together with six modulations types (BPSK, QPSK, 8-PSK, 16-APSK, 32-APSK, 64-APSK). The signaling protocol for the transmission mode is based on a CCSDS recommendation. The coded modulation may be dynamically chosen, block to block, to optimize throughput.
This paper presents a comprehensive simulation study to show the adequacy of two solar farm models for small signal stability analysis. Simulation study is carried out by considering solar farm as single-and multi-generator equivalents for both models. The simulation results are presented for a small interconnected system by considering different short circuit ratios (SCR). Both Solar farm models, single-generator and multiple-generator equivalents provide the same results for small signal stability studies for different scenarios.
This paper presents a real-time mechanism to tolerate faults occurring in a Wind Turbine (WT) system. This system is a FAST coded simulator designed by the U.S. National Renewable Energy Laboratory's. The demonstrated mechanism lies under the taxonomy of Active Fault-Tolerant Control (AFTC) systems, namely online redesign based approach. In the proposed approach, we do not use any a priori information about the model of the turbine in real-time. In fact, we use online measurements generated by the WT. Based on the given control specifications, and the observed measurements an occurring fault is accommodated by reconfiguring the controller such that the WT generates the rated power even under faulty conditions. Secondly, no use of an explicit fault-diagnosis module is seen in this approach. Therefore, the fault accommodation delay in the proposed AFTC system is smaller than the delay as experienced in the traditional structure of AFTC systems.
Electricity generating companies and power system operators face the need to minimize total fuel cost and maximize total profit over a given time period. These issues become optimization problems subject to a large number of constraints that must be satisfied simultaneously. The grid updates due to smart-grid technologies, plus the penetration of intermittent resources in electrical grid, introduce additional complexity to the optimization problem. The Renewable Integration Model (RIM) is a computer model of an interconnected power system. It is intended to provide insight and advice on complex power systems management, as well as answers to questions relating to the integration of renewable energy. This paper describes the RIM basic design concept, solution method, and the initial suite of modules that it supports.
With the exploding growth of synchrophasor PMU data in utility control centers, there is an increased emphasis on successful integration of existing model-based Energy Management Systems (EMS) applications with the new complementary PMU measurement-based applications. This is necessary to gain confidence of the newly integrated data, while embracing these new measurement-based tools and techniques. These new generation of synchrophasor applications have moved beyond prototype to the Proof of Concept (PoC) stage. Once validated and accepted by end users, field installation and training, the tools will become part of the day-to-day, production EMS. The synchrophasor applications include Linear State Estimator (LSE), Oscillation Detection, Voltage Stability indicators, etc. Enhanced tools to validate results and advanced simulation tools for training are other areas for development. The integration tasks pose many challenges and are addressed in this paper.
This paper presents the preliminary results of PET system simulation using Monte Carlo code. We also present the implementation of attenuation correction for MCNP-generated PET image. Using MCNP5 we constructed a data base for a uniform cylindrical source. The data obtained from the simulation were then used for PET image reconstruction. During the image reconstruction, calculated attenuation correction method was implemented to the PET raw data. This method was chosen due to the fact that our study involved homogeneous and simple geometry phantom.
The power quality (PQ) in distribution systems is principally affected by the pollution introduced by the customers. It is necessary to protect the sensitive loads from disturbances such as sags, swells, source voltage imbalances, etc. The actual solution for this case is to employ a dynamic voltage restorer (DVR) device. The use of multilevel inverters in medium voltage applications is a good solution. In particular, the cascaded asymmetric multilevel converter (CAMC) appears as a very attractive alternative among the 5-level converters for this application. The design of the CAMC as a DVR in a medium voltage distribution power system is presented in this paper. The model and the control strategy are discussed in d-q coordinates synchronous with the source voltage. The performance of the proposed compensator is tested with SPICE simulations.
Integration of renewable energy sources such as wind power and solar photovoltaic is an ongoing research worldwide. In this paper a hybrid power electronics interface that combines the energy from solar photovoltaic panel and wind generator into a small scale stand-alone system is proposed. Several other works have proposed a parallel injection of various renewable energy sources on a single DC-bus. This paper proposes a double-port boost-buck-boost (BBB) topology that enhances the power capability of the PV-Wind power system during partial solar irradiation and weak winds. After the description of operation of this double-port interface, a simulation model for 1 kW PV array integrated together with a 1.5 kW wind generator was developed and simulation results presented.
The present grid is accommodating mixed energies resulting into increasing complexities and instabilities. The dynamic performance is measured by also considering the impact the integration of new technologies such as distributed generation (DG) and hybrid distributed generation (HDG) have on the grid. Hybrid distributed generation with one or more renewable (stochastic) energy sources interact with the existing grid during import and export of power generation. This interaction contributes more fault current therefore making the system vulnerable to instability more than a single energy source. This study investigates the dynamic impact of hybrid Wind/ PV/small Hydro power on transient stability. To investigate this impact, a detail modeling of grid connected wind / solar PV and small hydropower system with single machine infinite system is carried out. The simulation was done in DIgSILENT power factory software. The configuration of the proposed typical grid connected hybrid distributed generation (HDG) consists of variable speed Wind turbine with doubly -fed induction generator (DFIG), solar PV and small hydropower system. The wind turbine is integrated through PWM converter into the existing Grid while the solar PV incorporated into the system consists of DC sources integrated through PWM inverter and the hydro power is directly connected through a synchronous generator.
The speed governing system is one of the main control systems of the turbine, the accurate model and parameter have great significance to the power system simulation calculation. The genetic algorithm(GA) is used for the parameter identification of the speed governing system in this paper. The best individual replacement is used to make the convergence rate of the algorithm faster. The type 4 governing PSASP model is developed for testing the GA with MATLAB and Simulink. The result proves the GA can achieve the parameter identification which has high simulation precision.
An important feature of smart distribution different from traditional distribution network is to support a large number of distributed generation (DG) access. Modeling and scheduling control problems of DG need to be resolved on distribution automation system in the smart grid. In this paper, effect of DG on distribution network is analyzed first, and DG access requirements for distribution automation system are put forward. Considering the DG characteristics and scheduling control requirements for distribution automation system, DG modeling method and scheduling control function design are proposed on distribution automation system according to IEC 61968 modeling principles. Correctness of modeling method and feasibility of control principle are verified through using them in pilot project on OPEN-3200 distribution automation management system.
Under the Smart Grid framework, a significant amount of attention has been directed toward the demand-side resources. Price, as an effective means of economic regulation, can be adjusted to affect consumers' ways and habits of the use of electricity, thus is improving the distribution of power flow in the time scale and ensuring the security and efficiency of power system. Multi-agent technology provides a good technical support for electricity pricing involving multiple stakeholders through mutual coordination and collaboration between each agent. In this article, we design a Multi-agent simulation system using MAGE platform. The Multi-agent simulation system includes a regional power company agent and several types of consumer agents. Through the power grid and the users' interactive dynamic simulation, the research provides a feasible method for Power Company to make reasonable price policies.
The city-county EMS Integrated System and DMS/EMS Integrated System has been successfully developed and applied in some area. But there is still some duplicated work need to be done in both systems, including: Model and diagram maintenance; Data Acquisition for some substation; Basic network analysis applications. In order to resolve those problems, a new distributed dual-core city-county DMS/EMS integrated automation system architecture has been put forward. This architecture maintains the relative independence of city-county EMS subsystem and DMS subsystem, and adopts distributed data acquisition technology to realized unified data acquisition, adopts automatic model merging to realized main station model sharing, and finally realized integrated network analysis, integrated DTS and integrated AVC, etc.
The integration of distributed generations (DGs) has a significant influence on the operation characteristics of distribution system, especially power losses. In this paper, a distribution system simulation framework with DGs integration is proposed, which can achieve the coordination goal between DGs integration and traditional VAR regulation devices, with the goal of minimizing power losses. In the simulation platform, three-phase steady state models of various forms of DGs are studied, such as synchronous generators, asynchronous generators, power electronics interfaces and doubly-fed induction generators (DFIGs). Then the three-phase power flow method with DGs integration is developed and VAR optimization method is exploited. The proposed method is applied on a three-feeder test system and the simulation results show that with regulation of DGs, the power losses are reduced.
In this paper, firstly an IEEE 13 node feeder system simulation model is established in Matlab/simulink. Then, taking into consideration the typical photovoltaic output fluctuation and daily load curve of the distribution network, and with simulation method, the study obtains the value of the system peak-valley difference considering the superposition of fluctuation of load and photovoltaic output. Furthermore, the paper studies the relationship between the peak-valley difference and the photovoltaic access modes, as well as capacity and operating condition, thus drawing the law of influence of connected photovoltaic system on peak-valley difference. The conclusions of the study can provide an operation reference for the determination of photovoltaic-grid-connection scheme and the peak regulation and planning of distribution network with connected photovoltaic system.
In this paper mathematical models and control method of DGs in microgrid are researched, and a typical integrated model of microgrid is created by DIgSILENT, according to an experimental microgrid in Beijing. The effect on stability of microgrid operation caused by two typical microgrid operating conditions including disconnection from the main grid and PV output drop in island mode are simulated, with the changes in output of DGs, system voltage and frequency analyzed. Validity of the proposed model and its control strategy is simulation-examined..
Load models have great impacts on power system simulation, operation and stability. In order to analyze the effects of load models on power system stability, this paper establishes the two-area four-machine system, and the tie lines between the two areas is replaced with the HVDC line which is modified based on CIGRE HVDC Benchmark. Then the behaviours of the load models under the transient stability and small signal stability are simulated. The simulation results demonstrate that the load models have great impacts on the AC/DC power system stability. Meanwhile, the lack of reactive power may lead to voltage instability of AC/DC power system, owing to the load characteristics and the recovery features of HVDC system.
To support the reliability assessment of safety-relevant distributed automotive systems and reduce its complexity, this paper presents a novel approach that extends virtual prototyping towards error effect simulation. Besides the common functional and timed system simulation, error injection is used to stress error tolerance mechanisms. A quantitative assessment of the overall system reliability is performed by observing the system reactions and identifying incorrect system behavior. To foster the industrial application, the analysis is integrated in a model-based design flow, starting at the modeling level to assemble and parameterize the virtual prototype and to configure the analysis. The feasibility of the proposed approach is demonstrated by analyzing a representative safety-relevant automotive use case.
Multi-core system simulation techniques have been especially essential to system development in recent years. Although these techniques have been studied extensively, we have found that both conventional polling and collaborative timing synchronization approaches all encounter a severe scalability issue when the number of target cores is more than that of the host cores. To resolve this issue, we propose an effective hybrid technique that combines the advantage of the two approaches. According to the experimental results, the proposed technique effectively resolves the scalability issue and shows one to four orders of improvement compared to conventional approaches.
Recently, source-level software models are increasingly used for software simulation in TLM (Transaction Level Modeling)-based virtual prototypes of multicore systems. A source-level model is generated by annotating timing information into application source code and allows for very fast software simulation. Accurate cache simulation is a key issue in multicore systems design because the memory subsystem accounts for a large portion of system performance. However, cache simulation at source level faces two major problems: (1) as target data addresses cannot be statically resolved during source code instrumentation, accurate data cache simulation is very difficult at source level, and (2) cache simulation brings large overhead in simulation performance and therefore cancels the gain of source level simulation. In this paper, we present a novel approach for accurate data cache simulation at source level. In addition, we also propose a cache modeling method to accelerate both instruction and data cache simulation. Our experiments show that simulation with the fast cache model achieves 450.7 MIPS (million simulated instructions per second) on a standard x86 laptop, 2.3x speedup compared with a standard cache model. The source-level models with cache simulation achieve accuracy comparable to an Instruction Set Simulator (ISS). We also use a complex multimedia application to demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed approach for multicore systems design.
Applications that stream multiple video/audio or video+audio clips are being implemented in embedded devices. A Picture-in-Picture (PiP) application is one such application scenario, where two videos are played simultaneously. Although the PiP application is very efficiently handled in televisions and personal computers by providing maximum quality of service to the multiple streams, it is a difficult task in devices with resource constraints. In order to efficiently utilize the resources, it is essential to derive the necessary processor cycles for multiple video streams such that they are displayed with some prespecified quality constraint. Therefore, we propose a network calculus based formal framework to help schedule multiple media streams in the presence of buffer contraints. Further, our framework also presents a schedulability analysis condition to check if the multimedia streams can be scheduled such that a prespecified quality constraint is satisfied with the available service. We present this framework in the context of a PiP application, but it is applicable in general for multiple media streams. The results obtained using the formal framework were further verified using experiments involving system simulation.
Spin-Transfer Torque RAM (STT-RAM) is extensively studied in recent years. Recent work proposed to improve the write performance of STT-RAM through relaxing the retention time of STT-RAM cell, magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ). Unfortunately, frequent refresh operations of volatile STT-RAM could dissipate significantly extra energy. In addition, refresh operations can severely conflict with normal read/write operations and results in degraded cache performance. This paper proposes Cache Coherence Enabled Adaptive Refresh (CCear) to minimize refresh operations for volatile STT-RAM. Through novel modifications to cache coherence protocol, CCear can effectively minimize the number of refresh operations on volatile STT-RAM. Full-system simulation results show that CCear approaches the performance of the ideal refresh policy with negligible overhead.
In the nanoscale technologies, the on-chip Power Management design strategy as a part of a System on Chip (SoC) is becoming extremely important. This work presents a fully integrated SIMO converter in a CMOS 65 nm technology. Since passive components are also integrated and their values should result relatively small the converter operates at a switching frequency of 200 MHz. This version counts with a step-up and a step-down outputs, but it can be easily extended to more otuputs. A suitable control strategy for high speed and nano-scale process together with system simulation results are discused.
The optimization of power architectures is a complex problem due to the plethora of different ways to connect various system components. This issue has been addressed by developing a methodology to design and optimize power architectures in terms of the most fundamental system features: size, cost and efficiency. The process assumes various simplifications regarding the utilized DC/DC converter models in order to prevent the simulation time to become excessive and, therefore, stability is not considered. The objective of this paper is to present a simplified method to analyze small-signal stability of a system in order to integrate it into the optimization methodology. A black-box modeling approach, applicable to commercial converters with unknown topology and components, is based on frequency response measurements enabling the system small-signal stability assessment. The applicability of passivity-based stability criterion is assessed. The stability margins are stated utilizing a concept of maximum peak criteria derived from the behavior of the impedance-based sensitivity function that provides a single number to state the robustness of the stability of a well-defined minor-loop gain.
This paper presents a novel method to design a maximum power point tracking (MPPT) controller for a photovoltaic generator. The main advantage of the proposed controller is the absence of oscillations in the PV output power in steady state. An adaptive control design scheme is employed to find the reference value for the photovoltaic output voltage that corresponds to the maximum power operating condition. Next, a backstepping control design method is utilized to synthesize a voltage-and-current controller to drive the photovoltaic output voltage to its reference value. The proposed design method is evaluated in simulation. The results show that the maximum power operating condition is reached smoothly. The steady state output power is maintained without oscillations.
As the number of on-chip cores increases, scalable on-chip topologies such as meshes inevitably add multiple hops in each network traversal. The best we can do right now is to design 1-cycle routers, such that the low-load network latency between a source and destination is equal to the number of routers + links (i.e. hops×2) between them. OS/compiler and cache coherence protocols designers often try to limit communication to within a few hops, since on-chip latency is critical for their scalability. In this work, we propose an on-chip network called SMART (Single-cycle Multi-hop Asynchronous Repeated Traversal) that aims to present a single-cycle data-path all the way from the source to the destination. We do not add any additional fast physical express links in the data-path; instead we drive the shared crossbars and links asynchronously up to multiple-hops within a single cycle. We design a router + link microarchitecture to achieve such a traversal, and a flow-control technique to arbitrate and setup multi-hop paths within a cycle. A place-and-routed design at 45nm achieves 11 hops within a 1GHz cycle for paths without turns (9 for paths with turns). We observe 5-8X reduction in low-load latencies across synthetic traffic patterns on an 8×8 CMP, compared to a baseline 1-cycle router. Full-system simulations with SPLASH-2 and PAR-SEC benchmarks demonstrate 27/52% and 20/59% reduction in runtime and EDP for Private/Shared L2 designs.
Several key performance parameters of shipboard power systems are affected by the grounding scheme applied. The grounding scheme impacts the nature of voltage transients during switching events and faults, identifiability and locatability of ground faults, fault current levels, and power quality. Power system simulations play an important role in choosing an appropriate grounding scheme and optimizing its components. The tools typically used for power system analysis need to be carefully tested to determine if they are appropriate for modeling effects of different grounding schemes and in particular the high frequency transients. This paper sheds light on modeling and validation techniques specific to grounding models. Furthermore, insight is provided to present research into new types of power system modeling techniques based on scattering parameters for improved accuracy at higher frequencies of interest. A testbed designed to study the impact of different types of grounding schemes is also introduced and first characterization measurements in the frequency domain provided. The paper concludes with an outlook to future work, which will focus on rigorous validation of the models developed.
To accelerate the simulation of microgrid behavior, a parallel power system solver is being developed. The solver (CEMSolver) aims to accelerate the simulation of large-scale shipboard power system models created in MATLAB/Simulink with the SimPowerSystems blockset. While speedups of 50x have been reported, there remains insufficient confidence in the simulation results. This paper presents a point-by-point comparison of the results produced by MATLAB/Simulink 2012a and in parallel by CEMSolver. A large shipboard power system model is used for the comparison. It is concluded that, while the results show differences related to integration methods, all reported measurements of instantaneous voltage and current waveforms are within reasonable agreement.
Electricity distribution to households and business is the final step in the electricity generation, transmission and distribution value chain. Redistributed energy by municipalities to the South African domestic market is key to planning energy demand and supply. In this study we use the concept of vector regression modelling in forecasting total domestic hourly load profiles. Vector regression is done by aligning the time series so that days and hours match across the time period. A linear model is then fitted across this vector [1]. MSE, MAD and the MAPE are used in the study to evaluate model accuracy. Results from this study show that domestic load profiles are seasonal with peaks in the morning and in the evening around 8pm. Also winter months show high usage compared to the other seasons and this domestic load is by far the most dominant profile shape of netenergy sent out from generation.
This paper presents a complete mathematical model of a micro-grid set up with PV arrays. The model consists of mathematical design and development of PV module and arrays, power conditioning DC/DC converter and the inverter set up. These designs are integrated with an inverter controller that controls the voltage at a power system bus. The complete system is used as a micro-grid set up connected to a power grid. Testing and evaluations of the micro-grid is then conducted using off-grid and on-grid studies. The uniqueness of the proposed modeling and control includes a complete model's details of micro-grid set up with PV system, power conditioning devices and load model, the utilization of an MPPT and feedback controller to control the output voltage and current. Thus it provides an appropriate real-life testing platform for micro-grid connections to power grid. Simulation results show the effectiveness and the accuracy of this micro-grid model to emulate real-life scenarios.
This study used the LabView FPGA to implement the Reed-Solomon codes (R-S code) on the NI SDR PXIe-5641R FPGA module. Besides providing a detailed discussion on the encoding and decoding mechanism of R-S code, this study completed software simulation and hardware verification of R-S (31, 15, 8) code. When the error probability is 10-4, the coding gain of R-S (31, 15, 8) using m = 8 can be up to 2dB. Compared to the R-S (31, 15, 17) code using m = 5 [10], when the Eb/N0 is fixed at 5dB, the error probability of is 10-2; and the error probability in this article is 10-3, indicating that the R-S (31, 15, 8) implemented in this study has better correction capacity.
While some people are capable of learning by simply reading the subject matter, psychological research has shown that most people learn better through hands-on training. However, it is costly to use real-life electric power substation for training students in the designing and setting up of substation monitoring and control systems. Moreover, most software simulation based laboratories on substation monitoring and control, focus on determining the effects of abnormal conditions on the protection of the electrical network, as opposed to the configuring of the smart relays as well as the communication networks that support the monitoring and control of substations. This paper presents a relay configuration laboratory that utilizes a motor drive as a three phase power source, and a three phase induction motor as a load on a substation bus. The laboratory gives automation students an opportunity to configure a real life substation monitoring and control relay, without exposing them to the risk of working with high voltages that characterize electric power substations.
The operation and maintenance of the power system require attention, precise diagnostics on failure and agility on system recovery. In addition, each operation needs to be carefully planned and executed, once errors can be fatal. To improve the operation and maintenance tasks, in this article is presented the proposal of a support system for decision making units based on artificial neural network (ANN), intelligent electronic devices (IED), supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) system for disturbances analysis of electrical power distribution transformers. The intelligent system is hybrid in the sense that it performs on-line tasks in real time for data acquisition systems via IED and off-line tasks are performed for analysis of disturbances in electrical power distribution transformers. The hybrid decision making support system (HDMSS) has built a MLP-ANN engine for classifying patterns and providing support for decisions. The MLP-ANN engine is evaluated for fault detection in distribution transformer of electrical power substation. The proposed method was evaluated using real data collected directly from IED, such as: digital relays. The on-line simulations results show the effectiveness and the feasibility of the proposed system based on artificial neural network.
This Paper is about an alternative iteration method to find state events in a hybrid dynamical system simulation. A method introduced in context of numerical computation of Poincare maps can be used to iterate a state event in some special scenarios. Classical ODE solver can be used for this task so no additional algorithms are needed only the mathematical framework has to be adapted. The paper will show this usage in system simulation and establish the context to standard numerical procedures. In the end of the contribution the implementation of this method on a simple example out of ARGESIM Benchmark will be demonstrated.
As a result of increasing demand of electricity, one way of generating renewable energy sources is from wind turbines. The places across the world where velocity of wind is conducive for power generation, the wind turbines influence the behavior of power system. In this paper, a wind turbine connected with DFIG for Wind Energy Conversion using sherbius drive with vector control is modeled, in the power system simulation tool, PSCAD/EMTDC and outputs are simulated to investigate the presence of flicker at the point of common coupling. The impact of wind speed variation on the voltage & current waveforms is investigated so as to assess the Power Quality. The vector control method is implemented to ensure decoupled control of active and reactive powers while ensuring the maximum energy capture from the wind. It is concluded that wind speed variation results in predominant flicker during transient period, however the DFIG model is capable of suppressing the same. Efforts can still be made to mitigate the flicker by flicker control scheme so as to improve the Power Quality of associated Networks in National Endeavour.
This work is introducing a multi-physics reliability simulation approach for solid state lighting (SSL) electronic drivers. The purpose of this simulation is to understand the thermal-electrical behaviour of SSL electronic drivers through their lifetime. Once the behaviour of the device during its lifetime is understood, the real cause of the failure can be distinguished and possibly solved. The work of this paper explores the system-level degradation of SSL drivers by means of applying its components reliability information into a system simulation. Reliability information of the components such as capacitor, inductor, etc. defines how a component electrical behaviour changes with temperature, and also with time.
A remote learning environment created by the author is described. It was conceived in the context of an engineering course on Communication Systems. The environment includes didactical software such as a virtual communications lab based on interactive simulations, didactical games, as well as resources such as on-line instructor support, interactive problems, and content material in HTML format. The remote learning website has been in use since its creation in 2001, and feedback from the student as well as academic performance indicators confirm the effectiveness of the initiative. Such feedback has been employed to improve the website during these 11 years of operation.
By extending the cycle accurate gem5 computer system simulator with optical network models, we demonstrate chip multiprocessor performance improvements of up to 18% using a wavelength striped optical crossbar interconnect and determine optimum optical parameters.
In this paper, the different categories of propagation modeling are introduced, namely empirical, semi-empirical and deterministic. Semi-empirical models can provide a first insight into the coverage of each layer (macro-cell, outdoor and indoor small-cells) but present many limitations for HetNet coverage prediction. On the other hand, deterministic ray-based models provide high accuracy for all configurations and radio links met in HetNet. Small and large propagation ranges are all addressed in a coherent way, thus cross-correlation between various links is inherently finely estimated resulting in an accurate HetNet coverage prediction. Besides, variations of signal levels at different reception floors can be reproduced by the construction of precise 3D ray paths. Thereby, coverage and system simulation tools can be fed with realistic scenarios and accurate 3D path loss predictions to investigate the impact of small-cells, to define a deployment strategy and finally to design and optimize HetNets.
In this paper we present our evolving work on developing an interactive simulation-framework for electricity trading in Smart Grids. This simulation framework is designed to enable real-time pricing, demand-side management, and distributed generation. A modular simulation architecture is proposed to address communication challenges and to allow efficient management. The simulator framework adopts a segregation of concerns design approach to allow for effective sandboxing and localization of concerns at the appropriate levels while allowing for structured information flows between the various simulator levels. For example, the control unit on the customer-level accounts for different preferences and behavioral patterns of consumers.
Objectives: This tutorial will introduce the usefulness and potential of web browser-based multimodal interactive simulation, present a course for the required programming languages such as HTML5, JavaScript, and WebGL, and demonstrate how to create multimodal interactive simulation on the web environment. Significance: The web browser-based multimodal interactive simulation provides 3D interactive graphics, integration of electronic apparatuses including haptic devices, and computationally intensive simulation on the web browser directly. The software development environment is solely based on the license-free HTML5 standard, which enables the features with no need to install any additional software. Unlike typical applications, the web browser-based applications can directly run on a wide variety of user??s existing machines such as desktop, laptop, tablets, smartphones, and even forthcoming platform, e.g., smart TVs. The accessibility and convenience is significant in that the framework will establish a new paradigm for development of multimodal interactive simulation.
Consumer visual appliances like televisions (TVs) and personal computer (PCs) have rapidly been developed. From old, one complete unit heavy box TV or PC, we now have a compact, small-sized box called as set-top-box (STB) TV or notebook for TVs and PCs respectively. A STB TV package always comes with a dedicated remote control for interacting with STB TV package. In addition, PCs have also been used with mouse as controller. In these appliances, controller functions as means of user interaction to the appliances. The price of controller unit is expensive and contributes to significant total cost of an appliance whole package. Eliminating the necessity of buying dedicated controller will mean a significant price reduction. Meanwhile, current released smartphones model are mainly accelerometer and gyroscope built-in. Therefore, if we develop an algorithm in software-based application for smartphone, smartphone will replace dedicated controller to function just like universal remote control. We develop a client-server software application to enable our smartphone controlling TVs or PCs. Our software simulation uses smartphone-computer connection via wireless RF communication channel (Bluetooth); leveraging smartphone capability to function as a substitute of remote control. The economical price of consumer appliances like a STB TV package can be greatly reduced as remote control shipment is no longer necessary when customers have smartphone with our software installed. Upon successful deployment, we perceive in future that we will enable a new user experience of remote control in ubiquitous computing device when this remote control is able to store user channel preferences, interface to wider appliances or electronic computing devices, and as well as to access consumer appliances remotely.
This paper presents an advanced computer-aided design (CAD) package for the synthesis, analysis, and optimization of synchronous reluctance combined with perrmnent magnet (SR-PM) machines. The distinguishing features of the CAD package are that it allows a wide range of design options and parameter variations for the new type of machines, calculations of optimization for maximum efficiency and higher power density, and various performance. The package as described in the main text permits the integration of the machine design with an electronic controller, along with the simulation of the whole system. Through the optimal design, characteristic calculations, and system simulations, the CAD package offers a superior design for the SR-PM machines, and presents a feasibility frontier outl ined by the design.
With the development of modern science and technology, especially the rapid innovation of large-scale computing systems and numerical experimental capabilities, studies of thermo-fluid phenomena of condensed states have become more and more attractive. This paper describes some new developments using molecular dynamics (MD) and Monte Carlo simulation methods to analyze thermo-fluid phenomena.
The paper develops a nonlinear dynamc model used in a wide range control system simulation for a 200 MW Nuclear Heating Reactor (NHR 200). Besides a one point neutron kinetics equation and terrperature feedback based on the lumped fuel and coolant terrperature, which are the usual methods used in modeling of PWR, two other factors are also considered in order to suit the wide range operation. The first consideration is the natural circulation in the primary loop because it affects the heat transfer coefficients in the core and in the primary heat exchanger (PHE). The second consderation is the flow rate variation in the secondary loop which leads to some nonlinear properties. The simulation results show that the model is accurate enough for control system simulation. Some model reduction basis can be obtained through the dynamic analysis
Imbalanced distribution of workloads across a chip multiprocessor (CMP) constitutes wasteful use of resources. Most existing load distribution and balancing techniques employ very limited hardware support and rely predominantly on software for their operation. This paper introduces IsoNet, a hardware-based conflict-free dynamic load distribution and balancing engine. IsoNet is a lightweight job queue manager responsible for administering the list of jobs to be executed, and maintaining load balance among all CMP cores. By exploiting a micro-network of load-balancing modules, the proposed mechanism is shown to effectively reinforce concurrent computation in many-core environments. Detailed evaluation using a full-system simulation framework indicates that IsoNet significantly outperforms existing techniques and scales efficiently to as many as 1024 cores. Furthermore, to assess its feasibility, the IsoNet design is synthesized, placed, and routed in 45-nm VLSI technology. Analysis of the resulting low-level implementation shows that IsoNet's area and power overhead are almost negligible.
Initializing internal variables in dynamic power system simulations is a two-stage process. First, a power flow model is used to find the steady state bus variables. Second, values for the internal variables associated with bus connected components are determined such that the components' terminal values match the bus variables calculated from the power flow model. Initializing most components' variables is a straightforward, direct process. However, initializing induction machine variables traditionally uses an indirect, iterative process. In this paper, eigenvalue formulations are detailed for both the induction machine initialization and power flow models, which provide a direct method for determining all possible sets of induction machine initializations and offer a novel model for the power flow equations.
This paper presents closed-form capacity expressions for interfere-limited relay channels. Existing theoretical analysis has primarily focused on Gaussian relay channels, and the analysis of interference-limited relay deployment has been confined to simulation based approaches. The novel contribution of this paper is to consolidate on these approaches by proposing a theoretical analysis that includes the effects of interference and capacity saturation of realistic transmission schemes. The performance and optimization results are reinforced by matching simulation results. The benefit of this approach is that given a small set of network parameters, the researcher can use the closed-form expressions to determine the capacity of the network, as well as the deployment parameters that maximize capacity without committing to protracted system simulation studies. The deployment parameters considered in this paper include the optimal location and number of relays, and resource sharing between relay and base-stations. The paper shows that the optimal deployment parameters are pre-dominantly a function of the saturation capacity, pathloss exponent and transmit powers. Furthermore, to demonstrate the wider applicability of the theoretical framework, the analysis is extended to a multi-room indoor building. The capacity improvements demonstrated in this paper show that deployment optimization can improve capacity by up to 60% for outdoor and 38% for indoor users. The proposed closed-form expressions on interference-limited relay capacity are useful as a framework to examine how key propagation and network parameters affect relay performance and can yield insight into future research directions.
Phasor based power system simulation software was originally conceived to study electromechanical interactions between rotating machinery and the network. Today, fast power electronic equipment is also commonly represented in phasor based power system software, although their dynamic behavior may violate some assumptions that lie at the basis of the phasor approximation. Modeling fast acting devices in phasor based power system software presents a number of challenges: due to the small time constants involved, time efficient simulation is a challenge. Furthermore, adverse interactions can occur between detailed models and state-of-the-art solution methods. The paper presents a robust implementation method on three levels: robustness of the tool, of the interface, and of the model itself, that leads to robust, accurate and efficient simulation of power systems with fast acting devices.
This paper presents a method to estimate the inverter lifetime so that we can predict a failure prior to it actually happening. The key contribution of this study is to link the physics of the power devices to a large scale system simulation within a reasonable framework of time. By configuring this technique to a real system, it can be used as a converter design tool or online lifetime estimation tool. In this paper, the presented method is applied to the grid side inverter to show its validity. A power cycling test is designed to gather the lifetime data of a selected insulated gate bipolar transistor (IGBT) module (SKM50GB123D). Die-attach solder fatigue is found out to be the dominant failure mode of this IGBT module under the designed accelerated tests. Furthermore, the crack initiation is found to be highly stress dependent while the crack propagation is almost independent with stress level. Two different damage accumulation methods are used and the estimation results are compared.
The GATE package is used to perform Monte Carlo hadrontherapy simulations of a cancer treatment combined with the complete description of an associated positron emission tomography (PET) imaging device for dose monitoring. This study aimed to demonstrate that the GATE platform has the capability to perform realistic simulations in the field of hadrontherapy, combining both dose and imaging system. We defined the simulation configuration as a carbon ion pencil beam scanning of a thorax CT phantom together with a complete PET imaging system. Two main positron emitters resulting from nuclear 12C reactions are considered in this study: 11C and 15O. We studied the produced data to analyse the interest in using a full PET system simulation instead of the usual Gaussian smoothing applied on the positron emitters map. We found differences in the distal position of the signal falloff of 20% between full PET system simulation and the Gaussian model. We also studied the influence of the 15O isotope in PET images and found the contribution to falloff of this isotope to be negligible (4%), which suggests the inclusion of 15O isotope in the simulation is not necessary. Finally, we analysed the impact of dose delivery on PET image quality and found a difference of 20% on the PET estimation falloff between doses of 10 Gy and 1 Gy. This study shows that GATE, implemented on a computing system with large number of CPUs (>;1000), has the potential to be used for quantitative evaluation of imaging protocols for radiation monitoring.
The battery energy storage station (BESS) is the current and typical means of smoothing wind- or solar-power generation fluctuations. Such BESS-based hybrid power systems require a suitable control strategy that can effectively regulate power output levels and battery state of charge (SOC). This paper presents the results of a wind/photovoltaic (PV)/BESS hybrid power system simulation analysis undertaken to improve the smoothing performance of wind/PV/BESS hybrid power generation and the effectiveness of battery SOC control. A smoothing control method for reducing wind/PV hybrid output power fluctuations and regulating battery SOC under the typical conditions is proposed. A novel real-time BESS-based power allocation method also is proposed. The effectiveness of these methods was verified using MATLAB/SIMULINK software.
This paper proposes a technique to estimate geomagnetically induced currents (GICs) in a transformer by measuring its absorbed reactive power. GIC is induced in electrical transmission lines by changes in the earth's magnetic field typically caused by solar magnetic disturbances, and flows into transformers through neutral grounding connections. An assessment of GIC from readily available reactive power measurements is an attractive alternative to the installation of dedicated GIC monitoring equipment on every transformer of an high-voltage transmission network. This technique is verified with electromagnetic transients software simulations and shows good agreement with the historical records captured in Hydro One's GIC detection network during the May 15, 2005 geomagnetic disturbance.
In the plentiful wind resource on Penghu Island, the capacity factor of the wind park is up to 47%. It is expected that, in a near future, more wind generating units will soon be integrated into this power system. However, many blackouts occurred at the Penghu Island in the past, and the present power protection scheme has not taken the influence of the wind generating units into consideration; therefore, it is necessary to revise the defense plan for Penghu's power system. In this paper, different generation/load patterns in different seasons are considered, and then, system steady-state and transient responses in some specific buses and important feeders are analyzed. The accurate modeling on wind turbines and relay settings are performed by using the power system simulation program PSS/E. The original power defense scheme using only under-frequency load shedding is examined, and a new protection scheme is proposed based on numerous contingency simulations, including islanding operation protection for some specific cases. It is expected that the reliability improvement of the Penghu system can be achieved by using the new defense scheme.
Heterogeneous network, or HetNet, deployments are one of the key enablers in providing ubiquitous coverage and capacity enhancements for LTE-Advanced networks. They play an important role in achieving high data rate and quality of service requirements defined for next generation wireless networks. In this article we evaluate various cell discovery techniques tailored for energy-efficient detection of small cells deployed in a carrier other than the serving macrocell. The presented schemes are evaluated using extensive system simulations conducted in a 3GPP LTE-Advanced HetNet scenario. Shortcomings of the currently standardized mechanism are analyzed, and advantages of the evaluated schemes are presented. Both the offloading opportunity utilization and savings in UE battery power consumption are analyzed. The results show that using the considered flexible, adaptive, and intelligent schemes for small cell discovery, significant UE power savings can be achieved with small loss in offloading ?? giving benefits both on system level as well as in user experience.
Beyond 3G mobile networks will be data service centric. User equipment (UE) stays in the Connected State relatively long while supporting data services, so efficient power-saving mechanisms for the Connected State are becoming more significant in order to prolong battery life of a handset. Discontinuous reception (DRX) has been a dominant approach for power saving in the Idle State and Connected State. In this study, a novel counter-driven adaptive DRX (CDA-DRX) scheme is proposed and analysed. The CDA-DRX scheme is intended to present a generic and easy-to-implement algorithm to adaptively and autonomously adjust DRX cycle to keep up with changing user activity level. The scheme distinguishes itself from all other researches by minimising signalling overhead and easily balancing packet delivery latency and power consumption. Numerical analysis and system simulation showed that this scheme produces a better tuned DRX operation than the ones proposed in literature or suggested in the standards.
There is substantial and growing motivation to deploy wireless relays in 3G+ and 4G networks both in residential and commercial contexts to achieve significant coverage extension and capacity increases at potentially relatively low cost. However, relays operating in shared spectrum may introduce interference thus potentially counterbalancing gains, and conversely, relays requiring a dedicated resource (for access or backhaul) may raise issues of efficiency and load balancing including under or over use of either relay or macro (base station) resources. In this paper, we consider these issues and propose new power control and mobility algorithms to overcome these challenges. Results of our detailed system simulations are presented demonstrating how substantial gains in user experience, capacity, and coverage extension may be obtained in the context of HSPA+.
The large bandwidth and low power level of ultra- wide-band make it susceptible to interference. Especially in a cell phone the interference levels are very high. Therefore cell phone integration of UWB receivers requires strong interference suppression. In this paper we use realistic models of interferers present in a cell phone. These models are used to derive the required detection time to reliably estimate the interference power. The needed detection time is found in unused medium access slots. A novel combined analog and digital suppression approach is used for interference suppression, only the combination provides sufficient suppression. We use system simulations to optimize the performance of the interference detector and to show that the interference tolerance can be improved by 36 dB.
In this contribution a versatile system simulation environment for radar sensors being developed to operate in the automotive area is introduced. It combines a frontend simulation engine that is coupled in a co-simulation with a 3D ray-tracing tool to take the effects of the automotive radar channel into account, thus providing accurate and reliable results concerning the behavior of the implemented circuits in certain traffic situations. With respect to the latest developments in automotive radar, i.e. the transition from former comfort systems to current systems including an increased number of safety functions, the system simulation environment has been extended to support investigations on the phased-array radar principle. Applying this technique in the automotive area promises advantages in target detection in the vehicles vicinity at the expense of increased hardware requirements. As a result radar systems are by far more difficult to design, not least because of the numerous side-effects that have to be additionally considered during the development process. To demonstrate the capability of this advanced simulation approach a typical traffic scenario is calculated showing not only the advantages of phased-array radar for the automotive field but also the performance of the simulation environment built up.
Wind and solar power are playing an increasing role in the electrical grid, but their inherent power variability can augment uncertainties in the operation of power systems. One solution to help mitigate the impacts and provide more flexibility is enhanced wind and solar power forecasting; however, its relative utility is also uncertain. Within the variability of solar and wind power, repercussions from large ramping events are of primary concern. At the same time, there is no clear definition of what constitutes a ramping event, with various criteria used in different operational areas. Here, the swinging door algorithm, originally used for data compression in trend logging, is applied to identify variable generation ramping events from historic operational data. The identification of ramps in a simple and automated fashion is a critical task that feeds into a larger work of 1) defining novel metrics for wind and solar power forecasting that attempt to capture the true impact of forecast errors on system operations and economics, and 2) informing various power system models in a data-driven manner for superior exploratory simulation research. Both allow inference on sensitivities and meaningful correlations, as well as quantify the value of probabilistic approaches for future use in practice.
This paper explores the capability of the reduced model artificial neural network-based power system state estimator to accurately identify single and multiple bad data. This state estimator uses fewer measurements than conventional state estimators and does not require network observability analysis. A comparison of the single bad data detection and identification between the proposed state estimator and the Weighted Least Squares state estimator on GE 6-bus and IEEE 14-bus power systems is provided. The results show that the proposed state estimator is more accurate and faster than the WLS state estimator. Furthermore, the proposed methodology is a great alternative to the conventional techniques and is therefore well suited for smart grid applications.
The world's energy paradigm continues to undergo a rapid shift towards an increased use of renewable energy sources. To support this shift, an advanced electric power system architecture is being implemented by many electric utilities, interconnected with new distributed energy resources. As these new installations occur, it is essential to verify that their grid interconnection systems (ICS) conform to the relevant grid interconnection standards and that they perform satisfactorily under a variety of variable resource input and grid output conditions. This paper describes a Grid Interconnection System Evaluator (GISE) that leverages hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) simulation techniques to rapidly evaluate the grid interconnection standard conformance of an ICS according to the procedures in IEEE Std 1547.1TM. The architecture and test sequencing of this evaluation tool, along with a set of representative ICS test results from three different photovoltaic (PV) inverters, are presented. The GISE adds to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory's (NREL) evaluation platform that now allows for rapid development of ICS control algorithms using controller HIL (CHIL) techniques, the ability to test the dc input characteristics of PV-based ICSs through the use of a PV simulator capable of simulating real-world dynamics using power HIL (PHIL), and evaluation of the grid interconnection conformance of an ICS.
This paper provides the results of a study conducted to assess the impacts of the “wind generation variability” on the voltage profile in a small-scale radial power system. The power network has been modeled using one of the well-known simulation programs used by the industry known as Powerworld?. The study takes into account the irregular behavior of the wind patterns and focuses on effects of wind generation at variable penetration levels on the voltage profile of a 13-bus radial power system. The assessment introduces two unique scenarios. In one scenario, the wind-generation farms are connected to a remote location with a critical voltage profile. The intensity of wind penetration is fluctuated methodically to evaluate the influence on the grid's voltage profile. The Smallest Singular Value of Jacobian (SSVJ) analysis of the power flow Jacobian matrix is applied to further assess the networks voltage profile. This method has been favored and utilized as an index for evaluating voltage profiles by the industry as well as the utilities. Simulation results along with recommendation and suggestions for improvements in each scenario have been provided.
This study carries out wind energy resource in Penghu Island, Taiwan. Penghu has abundant of wind energy. Wind speed is high in the spring and winter. The most wind energy come from north north east with 40 %. The mean speed and power density at 100 m hub height and roughness length 0 m are 6.82 m/s, and 340 W/m2, respectively. Mean speed is proportional with the hub height. However, it is reduced when the roughness length increasing from 0 m to 1.5 m. The offshore wind farm transient impacts on the power system are investigated. The study includes two case impacts analysis: three-phase short circuit current, and wind farm disturbance. The main contribution of this research is pointed out wind energy resource by using WAsP program in the practical location in Penghu Island. ETAP 7.1 program is used to simulation the transient of the wind farm. From the simulation result, it is contribute to the development offshore wind farm in Penghu Island.
Traditional sinusoidal power theory is not feasible for non-sinusoidal condition. The existing non-sinusoidal power theories have no clear physical meanings. To solve this problem, this paper presents a time-varying power theory based on the instantaneous sinusoidal expression of DFT (Discrete Fourier Transform). For arbitrary voltage and current signals, use the DFT to get their sinusoidal expression, and calculate the time-varying active power and the time-varying reactive power. This definition is feasible for any periodical and non-periodical signals. It has a distinct physical meanings, especially the time-varying reactive power can show the scale and direction of load's electromagnetic energy oscillation. It can embrace the sinusoidal power, Budeanu power and Fryze'active power. Finally, the rationality and feasibility of this time-varying power is demonstrated by theoretical analysis and work examples.
Fruit trees development depends on climatic conditions, and the temperature regime on phenological phases. This study aims at (i) developing a software “Climatree?” to predict the occurrence of the phenological stages of tree fruits, (ii) analyzing the trend of chilling and heat accumulation during the last twenty years, (iii) estimating rest completion, flowering and ripening dates under real weather conditions. In particular, we focus on the study of an early apple cultivar “Anna”, for its chilling requirements for breaking dormancy and heat requirements for flowering and fruit maturing, and (iv) analyzing the effects of global warming on the timing of these phenological stages. The validity of the climate change hypothesis was tested using a climate database. Results pointed out a linear decrease in chilling accumulation during autumn and winter, and a linear increase in heat accumulation during spring. This was observed for all the studied sites. This might confirm the climatic warming in the Mediterranean area during the past years. The theoretical impact of the predicted climate warming on fruit trees phenology is also proposed by using four simple scenarios (theorical increase of both daily maximum-minimum historical temperatures by 0.5, 1.0, 1.5 and 2°C, respectively). For this purpose, the case of an early budbreak apple cultivar “Anna” was chosen. Based on the cultivar's chilling and heat requirements, the software simulations indicated a delay in the bud burst date, and a shortening in time of flowering and ripening.
In this paper, modeling, analysis and design of synchronous buck converter for low power photo-voltaic (PV) energy system is presented. For analyzing the performance such converter, first we studied the characteristics of PV array under different values of irradiance and temperature. Then the exquisite design of synchronous buck converter with the application of State Space Averaging to implement precise control design for the converter is presented. The synchronous buck converter thus designed is used for portable appliances such as mobiles, laptops, iPod's laptops, etc. In addition to that, closed loop control of synchronous buck converter is studied in order to meet the dynamic energy requirement of load especially during variation of source i.e. variation of solar irradiation and temperature. Further, the efficiency of synchronous buck converter is calculated and is compared with conventional buck converter. The studied model of complete system is simulated in the MATLAB/Simulink environment and the results are obtained with closeness to the theoretical study.
The purpose of this study is to create an automatic growth detection system as a PSE (Problem Solving Environment) for a plant factory. The system takes pictures of plants periodically. Pictures taken are processed to extract edges. The system compares the edges and growth models. According to the measured values, the growth is proportional to time. Moreover, we have predicted the growth by using the L-system simulator. We proposed a PSE system for a plant factory. We use the L-system simulation for the automatic detection of the growth.
This paper deals with the design process and the dynamic control simulation of a new type of 4-DOFs parallel mechanism that can be used as an endoscopie surgical manipulator. The proposed mechanism, 2-PUU 2PUS, is designed based on the screw theory and the parallel virtual chain type synthesis method. Based on the structure analysis of the 4-DOF parallel mechanism, the inverse position equation is studied using the inverse analysis theory of kinematics. The design and the stress analysis of the mechanism are investigated using SolidWorks software. The virtual prototype of the parallel mechanism is constructed, and the dynamic simulation is performed using ADAMS? software. The system model utilizing PID and PI controllers has been built using MATLAB software. A more realistic simulation in accordance with a given bending angle and point to point control is implemented by the use of both ADAMS/MATLAB software. The simulation results showed that this control method has solved the coordinate control for the 4-DOF parallel manipulator so that each output is feedback to the four driving rods. From the results, the tracking performance is achieved. Other control techniques, such as intelligent ones, are recommended to improve the tracking performance and reduce the numerical truncation error.
With the increase in automation, the industrial control systems are automated with computers. Computer control and monitor the industrial operations that exist in the physical world with virtual simulation tools. In this paper, we present a SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) based fully automated master station in the integrated substations environment. The idea is, to enable all the substations to communicate with master station and to balance the load through SCADA model. The scenarios we are taking into the consideration include automatic load balancing. Load is balanced in two modes namely, manual mode and automatic mode. This model helps the engineers and research scholar to test their system before the real implementation. This model for integrated substations drastically reduces the time latency if compared with conventional model. It reduces the time as well as human intervention in the critical tasks such as responding to faults, load balancing actions, etc. The proposed model is fast, scalable, flawless and robust.
Cognitive Radio (CR) is widely anticipated to address spectrum scarcity and interference issues in future wireless communications. As a promising technology, many CR related studies have sprung up to improve the performance of network. However, most existing works mainly focus on theoretical analysis and software simulation without verifying feasibility and performance in practical network scenarios. In this paper, a Hybrid Cognitive Validation Platform (HCVP) is developed to realize practical situations by integrating computer software and hardware devices. Comparing with existing FPGA-based platforms, our HCVP is easier to deploy and configure, by replacing FPGA with low-power programmable SoC chips. Moreover, with excellent performance of energy efficiency, HCVP can be applied to a wide scope of applications, especially battery-powered networks. To evaluate the performance of the HCVP, we implement a WBAN scenario with same frequency interference traffic considered. An adaptive CR MAC algorithm is adopted to minimize the impact of interference. Experiments close to reality are built based on HCVP and the results show that the introduction of CR algorithm significantly alleviate the negative impact of collisions caused by interference and improve system performance.
Detection of hydrocarbon reservoir in an offshore environment is a very challenging task for deep target. Magnitude of electromagnetic field response is still very low and cannot be able to detect the deep target reservoir by dipole antenna. To detect the deep target in an offshore environment antenna is designed by using computer simulation technology (CST) software. Modeling with Antenna in marine environment was done by Finite integration method (FIM). Model area was assigned as (40×40 km) to replicate the real seabed environment with array of receivers placed on the sea floor. New antenna radiation pattern shows 8.4dBi gain which is 6.3 times more as compared to the dipole antenna used for seabed logging. An electric and magnetic field component study was also done in an offshore environment. Ex and Hz field component response with the new antenna was measured in deep water environment. It was analyzed that the new dipole antenna shows a 232% improvement in magnitude verses offset in seawater. Experimental testing was also done at lab scale in air. New antenna experimental results show 200% higher field strength than dipole antenna. This antenna can be used for deep target hydrocarbon exploration.
As particle detectors and physics analyses become more complex, the need for more detailed simulations of the detector response becomes increasingly important. Traditionally, two-dimensional engineering drawings have been interpreted by physicists who then implement approximations to the individual parts in software simulation packages. This process requires a high level of experience in both the abstraction of the physical volumes as well as the implementation in code, and is prone to error. mesh2gdml is a program which allows three-dimensional tesselated geometrical volumes to be converted into a format which the Geant4 simulation toolkit can import directly. This provides a pathway for simulating the response of detector elements which have been designed in CAD programs without having to write any code.
This paper presents a method for complexity adaptation of simulation models in a function-based modular framework. By this means, the problem of inappropriate simulation model complexity leading to inaccurate predictions and poor extrapolation within entire-system simulations is avoided. The function-based modular framework describes a process that separates entire-system simulations into defined individual subsystems called functions. Thus the basis for storing different complex simulation models within the separated functions is set, ensuring consistent interfaces, independent of any simulation tool, with which they are simulated. To adapt the complexity of simulation models encapsulated in the functions to simulation purposes, a method for complexity quantification is introduced, using concepts from information theory and statistical methods. To prove the functionality and reliability of the method, example different complex battery simulation models are taken into account and quantified, demonstrating the potential for complexity adaptation of every individual subsystem within entire-system simulations.
Virtual simulation systems present a cost effective way of training the mariners to navigate a ship in a realistic maritime environment. To offer a better training session, a need arises to model other tools and components as a part of the virtual simulation system, such as radar, sonar and telescope, that are used to navigate a vessel in the real world. Taking a light-weighted approach, we developed a virtual radar coverage for the Vidusayura virtual maritime learning environment. It simulates an actual marine radar, which gathers information of its surroundings from the virtual environment with which a trainee naval officer interacts. The impact and the effectiveness of the virtual radar system, in terms of the trainee, is also analyzed against a real radar simulation system.
Computer simulation technology is widely used in all walks of life with its advantages of intuitive, time scalability, controllability etc. This paper describes the computer simulation technology and a variety of logistics simulation software, discussing on computer simulation technology in the using of teaching, researching field, Propose the building of logistics laboratory construction program based on computer simulation, planning the basic module structure of simulation laboratory, and some suggestions on how to implement.
This paper discusses the connection of photovoltaic system, including microgrids formation, in power distribution networks. The proposed model integrates the descriptive elements of a photovoltaic system: solar radiation, typical load behaviors (residential, commercial and industrial). Based on the developed methodology, a computer implementation of the modules for simulation and impact analysis of photovoltaic generation penetration has been carried out. In order to evaluate the methodology case study simulations have been performed.
This paper focuses on the application of certain smart grid technologies to a distribution system and the impact on reliability. Smart grid techniques were researched thoroughly in the form of a literature review. Some of the techniques that were considered to impact on reliability were selected to be modeled using Monte Carlo simulation performed in MATLAB. The RBTS bus 5 feeders 1 & 2 were chosen to have the techniques modeled on. The simulations were separated into cases with 2 base cases and 5 smart grid techniques application cases. Each technique was implemented separately with the last case being a combination of all techniques. The techniques were shown to improve the reliability indices although the amount of improvement varies between techniques.
This paper discusses the various aspects involving the research and development of smart grids. Discussed are applications going from large grid renewable integration, WAMPAC systems to micro-grids. Load scheduling and power balance, communications issues, understanding customer behavior, large area protection, distribution control are only some aspects of the challenge of making power grids more robust, more intelligent. The potential complexity of such smart grids requires careful study and analysis before actual realization. This paper explains how such challenges are addressed using real-time simulation technologies in different laboratories around the world.
Several techniques of control require a linear mathematical model in order to get an inverse dynamic solution. However, in more complex systems the linearization is not enough to solve the problem. A new class of systems called "flatness systems" that allows the entire description of the state's trajectories, and so to improve the dynamic response of those systems. This paper introduces a simulation of the power flow control of hybrid power system using the technique of planning.
In this paper it is proposed a methodology for simulating the behavior of electrical distribution networks, with the presence of intermittent sources of energy, based on a computational environment integrating power system static and dynamic simulation. The methodology represents an improvement over the simple implementation of power flow cases for different points of time series representing the evolution of the daily load and intermittent generation, as it takes into account the chronological timing of the actions of control and protection devices. On the other hand, the computational requirements are similar to the execution of a sequence of power flow cases.
In the wireless broadband network, most traffic are generated from indoor, and the indoor coverage is identified as the major bottleneck especially in dense urban environment with high-rising buildings. In this paper, the TD-LTE network downlink performance of indoor is studied with various deployment options, including outdoor Macro and Micro cell, indoor Femto cell and their combinations in a realistic large-scale dense urban scenario. For accurate modeling, the real three-dimensional (3D) city map of the investigated area is employed. A 3D ray-tracing tool is used to estimate the propagation occurring between outdoor sites and buildings. A semi-empirical building penetration extension is proposed to derive indoor predictions for each floor based on outdoor predictions at ground-level combined with a height gain model. The traffic offloading features of Micro and Femto cell are evaluated through system simulations.
This paper proposes a technique for rapid high fidelity finite element based synchronous machine models for use in system simulators. The computational efficient finite element procedure, CE-FEA, is used to construct harmonic flux linkage arrays for a range of current inputs. In the system simulator, a map is constructed relating rotor position as an input to relate instantaneous flux linkage and d and q axis currents. Using rotor position and flux linkages as inputs from the system simulator and interpolating the flux linkage map, the phase currents of the synchronous machine are determined. In the system simulation, the phase currents are modeled as dependent current sources. This technique allows for the modeling of space and time harmonics, saturation, and cogging torque within the system simulator without directly coupling the finite element solver. Three examples of system simulation results are shown for an interior permanent magnet synchronous machine.
This paper presents the steady-state per phase equivalent electric circuit of the dual-rotor Permanent Magnet Induction Machine (PMIM), a method for the identification of parameters and a control strategy using a co-simulation between a FEM software and system simulation software. In order to develop a control strategy for the dual-rotor PMIM, one needs to estimate first the electric parameters (resistances, reactances) of the per-phase equivalent electric circuit. Each parameter of the circuit is discussed separately and comparative analytical and numerical techniques are proposed for their computation. Then, a two loops control strategy of the machine based on the Field Oriented Control (FOC) and Scalar Control (SC), is proposed and applied to the PMIM.
This paper describes an advanced method of modeling synchronous machines, in particular interior permanent magnet (IPM) motors. The dynamic motor model considers magnetic saturation and the dependence of electrical, magnetic and mechanical quantities on the rotation angle, and can be integrated into multidisciplinary system simulations. A set of magnetic finite element method (FEM) solutions is used to set up the model based on radial basis function (RBF) interpolation. The presented motor model can be used to simulate any time-stepping cases, such as studies of field weakening control, sensorless motor control algorithms or short circuit behavior. No magnetic FEM simulation is needed at runtime. We demonstrate the functionality of our method using the example of a BLDC motor simulation with voltage block commutation. The model derivated results are in good accordance with our measurements.
This paper introduces and validates a mathematical hard disk timing model designed for use in an execution-driven full-system simulator. While very accurate disk simulators and emulators exist, their complexity is often not warranted when disk operations are not the sole focus of an experiment. This model depends far less on the details of the disk structure or the physical layout of the disk, making it less complex and easier to configure. By combining traditional hard disk modeling methods with novel ways of mathematically and probabilistically modeling the platter layout and reorder queues, the need for a physical model of the disk platter is eliminated. Current full-system simulators do not include a realistic disk timing model, giving them large and variable errors when modeling disk intensive workloads. With this model, we show that disk intensive full-system simulation can be accurate, with benchmarks averaging 12% error for individual disks and 18% error for disk arrays. This model will benefit full-system performance simulations by bridging the gap between complex and highly specific disk simulators and the actual performance modeling requirements needed for effective use of full-system simulators.
Nowadays, the population growth and economic development causes the need for electricity power to increase every year. An unit dispatch problem is defined as the attribution of operational values to each generation unit inside a power plant, given some criteria to be obeyed like the total power to be generated, operational bounds of these units etc. In this context, an optimal dispatch programming for hydroelectric units in energy plants provides a bigger production of electricity to be generated with a minimal water amount. This paper presents an optimization solution for hydroelectric generating system of a plant, using Differential Evolution algorithms. The novel mathematical model proposed and validation of the obtained algorithms will be performed with practical simulation experiments. Throughout the text, the equations and models for the system simulation will be fully described, and the experiments and results will be objectively analysed through statistical inference. Simulation results indicate savings of 6.5 million litres of water for each month of operation using the proposed solution.
This paper is mainly focused on computer simulation techniques used to simulate a standalone communication system which is used to transmit voice data on a specifically designed radio channel. Evaluation has been done on how much signal energy the system can transmit outside the radio spectrum range. Experimental results have been plotted for a voice over a simulated channel, which is capable of transmitting to a fixed user over the same radio channel.
Currently,wireless networked control system (WNCS) has become a hotspot in Internet research. Research on WNCS always needs simulation to verify the validity of the theory and methods proposed. Therefore, designing an excellent simulation platform for WNCS is very necessary. The simulation of WNCS involves control system and network environment, hence a cosimulation platform for WNCS over MANET is proposed in this paper. This cosimulation platform not only combines the network simulation software OPNET and the control system simulation software MATLAB/Simulink, but also includes MANET routing protocols , which carries out the cosimulation of control system and wireless network under the frame of network protocols. Finally, the effects of packet loss rate to the performance of WNCS are analyzed by the simulation of a single inverted pendulum WNCS to verify the effectiveness of this platform.
This paper presents a method to estimate voltage profiles on source distribution system using Independent Component Analysis (ICA) algorithm. The profiles are estimated for 24- hours with time interval of 1 minute. The objective of this research is to reduce loss by controlling source of voltage per-unit. When voltage source is controlled, the losses occur on the system is reduced drastically. Power System Simulation for Engineering (PSS?E) Software and Python Programming was used in the simulation of IEEE 69 test bus system, while ICA is programmed using MATLAB R2012b version. The losses of simulation results with different tap changer and voltage set are compared and discussed in this paper.
With the ever increasing complexity of Networked Control System, system integration is becoming much more challenging. It is because the individual controller designed in delay-free environment may not work properly in networking environment, especially when interconnected coupling between distributed nodes are involved. To address such a challenge, this paper proposes a virtual observer to realize multiple delays spin-off from the closed-loop system. To this end, input/output delays are firstly combined and allocated to the output side, and the resulting system is equivalent to the original one in terms of input-output relationship. Then a virtual observer is utilized based on the derived virtual plant with combined output delays, and delay-free states can be retrieved for feedback. Since the resulting closed-loop characteristic equation is equivalent to that of the delay-free system, the original controller can still achieve a comparable performance in networking environment. Finally, the 2D helicopter is utilized to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methodology through software simulations and hardware experiments.
In this paper, the impact of stochastic time delay on wide-area damping networked control systems is analyzed. A disintegrate method of time-delay upon sampling period is approved. Furthermore, the expectative model of networked control systems with long and stochastic time delay, whose variance extent is larger than one sampling period, is theoretically proved and calculated. Finally, the effectiveness of this expectative model is confirmed on the simulation of a power system with 8 generators and 36 nodes.
With the rapid development of the network technology, a simulation based on web has been attracting more and more attention from academic and industrial field in recent years. Comparing with the traditional simulation environment, it has many advantages such as low cost, easy maintenance, portability and so on. To meet the new requirements of the simulation, this paper presents a web-based virtual simulation system based on the B/S architecture. A tradition simulation platform (MATLAB/Simulink) is directly ported to the web in this work with friendly user interface and a powerful simulation capacity. In order to improve the quality of the web user interface, AsWing which is a set of UI components that developed by the script of Flash: AcitonScript is utilized. The simulation task information is transferred from the user interface to the MySQL database through the Servlet. A center simulation platform (MATLAB/Simulink) is employed to reconstruct the simulation from the information stored in the database. The simulation result will be sent back to the database and the web user interface through the Internet. The whole structure of the proposed simulation environment was introduced in this work and a demonstration simulation result was given to show the performance of the provided system.
In this paper we present an US system simulation tool, capable to study how system performance is influenced by both electronic and acoustic design parameters by joining acoustic-side models with those of the transducer and front-end electronics. The implemented tool has been entirely implemented in Matalb and includes US-field, CMUT and receiver front-end models. In particular, in this work we focus on the reception chain of components and evaluate the accuracy and correct functioning of the Matlab model compared to a real electronic architecture. Results and electric simulations confirmed that our tool efficiently joins all the implemented models and is able to correctly simulate and process the received echo signals.
FEM modeling is used to design and support implementation of an acoustic fingerprint (FP) sensor utilizing 1-3 piezo-composite as a sensor matrix. Providing a selected PZT/Polymer system simulation revealed the geometry for the successful implementation of the sensor with a resolution of 500 DPI and a contrast of >80% differentiation between ridges and valley. Simulation predicted performance within single-digit percentage deviation between measurement and model. Several experiments demonstrate the supporting role of modeling in sensor manufacturing capable of defining tolerances for manufacturing processes.
Wireless devices are widely used today to access the Internet, despite the intermittent network connectivity they often provide, especially in mobile circumstances. The paradigm of Delay/Disruption Tolerant Networks (DTN) can be applied in such cases to improve the user experience. In this paper we present a network testbed for DTN applications and protocols that we developed based on the generic-purpose wireless network emulation testbed named QOMB. Our testbed is intended for quantitative performance assessments of DTN application and protocol implementations in realistic scenarios. We illustrate the practicality of our emulation testbed through a series of experiments with the DTN2 and IBR-DTN implementations, focusing on mobility in urban environments. The scalability issues that we have identified for DTN2 emphasize the need to perform largescale repeatable evaluations of DTN applications and protocols for functionality validation and performance optimization.
The assessment of cognitive deficits, such as executive functions, can be critical in neuropsychology because is not easy to catch all the important cues of real-life behavior using the classic paper and pensil tests or even sophisticated laboratory tasks. On the other hand, using virtual simulations of prototypical daily situations, by the means of 3D virtual environments, it is possible to create situations which could help the therapeutic assessment, within the safe context of the therapist's laboratory. In this study, we described how we assessing executive functions using a Virtual Reality Test.
This papers presents an adaptive power system stabilizers (PSS) using an adaptive network based fuzzy inference systems (ANFIS) and the second version of non-dominated sorting genetic algorithms (NSGA-II). Firstly genetic algorithms are used to tune stabilizer parameters on a wide range of loading conditions to create a data base. Two eigenvalue-based objective functions are considered to place the closed-loop system eigenvalues in the D-shape sector. Then, ANFIS is employed to establish the relationship between these operating points and the corresponding stabilizer parameters. The proposed stabilizer has been tested by performing non linear simulations and eigenvalue analysis using single machine infinite bus (SMIB) model. The results show the effectiveness and the robustness of the proposed stabilizer to provide efficient damping in real-time.
Our work is to establish an equivalent model for a 200MW offshore wind farm under construction and research the improvement of power quality at point of common connection (PCC) on PSCAD/EMTDC. Considering that the wind turbines in the different regions of wind farm are clustered into groups according to the received wind speed, the semi-aggregated equivalent model, not the aggregation into a single wind generator, is applied to represent the collective response of the offshore wind farm based on the paralleled transformation of internal collector network. Since high voltage alternative current (HVAC) is the better solution for short-distance transmission system connecting the offshore wind farm to the on-land electrical grid, static var compensation (SVC) is employed to compensate the reactive power generated by the submarine cables and improve the power quality. Simulation results show that the semi-aggregated equivalent model for offshore wind farm is reasonable and effective, and SVC can compensate the reactive power and enhance the power quality at PCC as well.
Communication systems of formation micro-satellites involve a variety of algorithms and models. In this paper we establish the communication systems modeling TTDPN (T-Timed Discrete Petri Net) of formation small satellites, and establish the map between the model and multidisciplinary simulation platform. The multi-disciplinary system design method is presented based on inter-satellite communication simulation platform by using HLA. The attitude, space environment, and orbital sub-system, the channel codec module in the satellite communication system are verified by simulation studies. The simulation results indicate that the multidisciplinary communication system of formation small satellites based on Petri net can significantly reduce the simulation time, and improve the module design efficiency of the communication system.
Power systems become more interconnected for economic reasons. As transmission systems are required to operate at higher power levels, the margin of voltage stability reduces. For these reasons, utilities are increasingly employing compensating device. Voltage control in real-time power market ensures safety of the power system as well as improves efficiency of power market. This paper proposes an effective and practical method for the choice and placement of suitable Static Var Compensator (SVC) in power market environment. At the same time, when SVC is connected to power system, fast voltage stability assessment in the power market (FVSA-PM) has been applied to evaluate in this paper. PowerWorld simulator and Matlab software have been chosen to build up the calculation program. The proposed approach has been implemented on 39-bus IEEE test system.
This paper presents MIMO/CON, a PHY/MAC cross-layer design for multiuser MIMO wireless networks that delivers throughput scalable to many users. MIMO/CON supports concurrent channel access from uncoordinated and loosely synchronized users. This new capability allows a multi-antenna MIMO access point (AP) to fully realize its MIMO capacity gain. MIMO/CON draws insight from compressive sensing to carry out concurrent channel estimation. In the MAC layer, MIMO/CON boosts channel utilization by exploiting normal MAC layer retransmissions to recover otherwise undecodable packets in a collision. MIMO/CON has been implemented and validated on a 4×4 MIMO testbed with software-defined radios. In software simulations, MIMO/CON achieves a 210% improvement in MAC throughput over existing staggered access protocols in a 5-antenna AP scenario.
Wireless devices are widely used today to access the Internet, despite the intermittent network connectivity they often provide, especially in mobile circumstances. The paradigm of Delay/Disruption Tolerant Networks (DTN) can be applied in such cases to improve the user experience. In this paper we present a network testbed for DTN applications and protocols that we developed based on the generic-purpose wireless network emulation testbed named QOMB. Our testbed is intended for quantitative performance assessments of DTN application and protocol implementations in realistic scenarios. We illustrate the practicality of our emulation testbed through a series of experiments with the DTN2 and IBR-DTN implementations, focusing on mobility in urban environments. The scalability issues that we have identified for DTN2 emphasize the need to perform large-scale repeatable evaluations of DTN applications and protocols for functionality validation and performance optimization.
Switching transients are an important factor on the equipment selection, protection and tower air clearances. Lightning and switching are two primary causes of transient overvoltage in power systems. This paper focuses on a comparative study of the modeling and simulation of a switching transient overvoltage study using two widely used simulation tools: PSCAD/EMTDC and EMTP-RV. The overvoltage modeling and statistical analysis method have been carefully described in both simulations. The comparative overvoltage results for switching transient study are also provided.
A concept of Power Sub-Grid is proposed in this paper and three models of Power Sub-Grids with energy storage systems are developed. These models are abstracted from different energy storage applications, such as load leveling, peak shaving and frequency regulation. With the practical types of energy storage devices, the power sub-grid can be running in a more stable, reliable, and efficient manner.
Public concerns about adverse environmental impacts from conventional energy sources are causing a considerable increase in wind penetration in electric power systems as wind power is environmentally friendly and suitable for bulk power generation. The importance of accurate but simple wind resource models is becoming increasingly important as wind penetration continues to increase to carry out a realistic evaluation of system reliability. Analytical methods using annual wind models have generally been used for reliability evaluation of wind integrated systems. These methods do not recognize load following capability of wind. Seasonal period analysis can incorporate seasonal load following capability of wind. This paper evaluates the system adequacy indices on an annual and seasonal basis and then develops a technique to incorporate the diurnal load following capability of wind.
This paper reviews recent simulation and modeling applications of residential demand response including demand response enabled load models, home energy management systems, and multi-agent systems. Demand response implementation in residential sectors is a recent effort to improve efficiency of the electricity market and stability of the power system. The benefits are significant; however the investment and potential risks are nonnegligible. Simulation and modeling is a desirable way to identify and quantify impacts and benefits of demand response applications. The two main aims of these applications are to reduce electricity peak demand and to match the demand with renewable energy. The flexible demand aspect enables time-shift electricity consumption by bringing forward or delaying the use of appliances. Therefore, developing applicable residential load models and efficiency home energy management systems are critical issues to allow incorporation of dynamic electric use patterns. Multi-agent systems allows evaluating various components of further power system or smart grid including distributed generator, microgrid, distribution intelligence, etc..
For compressed natural gas (CNG) engine applied on homogeneous combustion way of stoichiometric air-fuel ratio in the entire speed range, in order to furthest purifying CO/HC/NOx by three way catalyst converter(TWC), this paper introduces a air-fuel ratio control method combined with fuzzy feed-forward, intelligent PI feedback and self-learning control. Furthermore the application of the control method to the experiments on Matlab software simulation and the engine bench test applied the control method prove that actual air-fuel ratio(AFR) is better limited to a very narrow band of the desired stoichiometric ratio in the CNG engine stationary and transient conditions, which improves the air-fuel ratio control accuracy required by TWC high purification rate and effectively reduces exhaust emissions. Synchronously the control method is of rapid dynamic response operation in engine dynamic zone and robust to the changes of engine parameters.
Transactional Memory (TM) has been proposed as an alternative to locks to simplify parallel programming. While most research has focused on the architectural support of TM, it is at least equally important to investigate the hardware implementation of the key mechanisms of TM to facilitate its deployment in commercial processors. In this paper, we present a light-weight and generic implementation of the key structures to support hybrid version management in Hardware Transactional Memory (HTM). Full-system simulation demonstrates the performance advantage of our design (up to 40% improvement). Synthesis results show that the hardware structures incur an area overhead of only 0.4% and a power overhead of 1.65% to the Sun Rock processor design.
Superconducting fault current limiter is an attractive electronic device to solve the problem of very high fault current in the power system. In this paper, the performance of enhanced system capacity with existing switchgear by superconducting fault current limiter is studied. At first, a resistive type SFCL is modeled in Simulink. A three phase system with a nominal capacity is designed and then it is replaced by higher capacity keeping switchgear unchanged. Finally, the SFCL is introduced in the higher capacity system. Fault current in this system is limited by SFCL to the level of the presented switchgear. Thus, it is revealed that the outstanding current limiting performance of SFCL can be used to limit the fault to the level of the existing switchgear if the system capacity is improved.
We present a simulation method and results that utilizes accurate electromagnetic field simulations to study the maximum allowable transmitted power levels from in vivo devices to achieve a required bit error rates (BER) at the external node (receiver) while maintaining the specific absorption rate (SAR) under a required threshold. The BER of the communication can be calculated using the derived power threshold for a given modulation scheme. These results can be used to optimize the transmitted power levels while assuring that the safety guidelines in terms of the resulting SAR of transmitters placed in any location inside the human body are met. To evaluate the SAR and BER, a software-based test bench that allows an easy way to implement field solver solutions directly into system simulations was developed. To demonstrate the software-based test bench design, a complete OFDM-based communication (IEEE 802.11g) for the in vivo environment was simulated. Results showed that for cases when noise levels increase or the BER becomes more stringent, a relay network or the use of multiple receive antennas, such as in a MIMO system, will be become necessary to achieve high data rate communication.
This paper present power point presentations from the conference proceedings covering the following topics: global fuel economy; fuel economy/emissions tradeoff; virtual engineering process; overview of transmission system simulation; transmission algorithm development using system simulation model-based systems engineering definition; Autonomie Plug & Play architecture for MBSE; fuel consumption; forecast single component technology; impact of component technologies and powertrain configurations; cost benefit analysis; levelized cost of driving; automotive controls development; vehicle level energy management; engine in-loop block diagram; software-in-the-loop.
Acoustic propagation in the underwater channel influenced by three factors: signal attenuation, multipath propagation, and low speed of sound propagation. Understanding of underwater acoustic channel is the basis in the design of a reliable communication system, and until now there is no standard fading model for underwater acoustic channel. Experimental method supported with measurement data is a commonly method used as a first step in modeling of channel properties for underwater sensor network applications. In this study, we will begin a discussion about research development of underwater acoustic communications. In the next section will be presented about experimental planning for underwater propagation characteristics. The characterization results are used to evaluate the performance of communication system through software simulation. At the end of this paper, a PC-based soft acoustic modem test bed will be presented.
We consider an underlay relay-assisted time-slotted cognitive radio network operating on the same band used by a primary link. For implementation simplicity, one relay is selected at any time slot for reception from the secondary source, or for transmission to the secondary destination. Relay selection depends on the instantaneous channel gains and the occupancy status of the relays' buffers. Selection is constrained by a maximum tolerable interference level at the primary receiver. We provide a theoretical framework based on a Markov chain to model the system and obtain the secondary throughput and average queueing delay. We verify our obtained expressions via numerical system simulations and investigate the impact of the various system parameters on performance.
This paper provides an idea for the presentation of virtual power plant(VPP) as a main sector of power system networks in energy market. This idea, in the decentralized power systems, consisting of thousands of distributed generation resources, optimizes the operation and presentation of an efficient DG group in energy market. In this study, the presentation of the virtual power plant in the energy market besides other thermal power plants is simulated via Nash-SFE Equilibrium Strategy. In the mentioned system, the virtual power plant consists of fixed and controllable loads and distributed generation resources. The generation of each DG or amount of load elimination within VPP are specified based on the internal model of VPP and consequently VPP profit is estimated during its participation in the energy market in one period of running time of energy market.
Compensation technique using series capacitor is very cost-effective way to increase power transfer capability. But use of the series capacitors may cause Oscillations Subsynchronous Resonance (SSR). In this paper Subsynchronous Resonance phenomenon investigated in compensation networks with series capacitor. And shown that unlike a fixed series compensation effect in creating the SSR phenomenon, if the TCSC (thyristor controlled series compensator) to be used for series compensated transmission network, with Suitable control of the TCSC, can adjusted Subsynchronous Oscillations in compensated networks with fixed capacitor. Analysis method that is used in this paper, Is time domain analysis. That simulation achieved with electromagnetic transient model of power system elements. In this paper NGH scheme, is used for damping Subsynchronous Oscillations. Simulations carried out in Software PSCAD/ EMTDC. And performance this Scheme for damping Subsynchronous Oscillations According to the results obtained from simulations on the two systems studied, is shown.
The objective of this paper is to model, identify, and detect and isolate faults to an industrial gas turbine. The detection scheme is based on the generation of so-called “residuals” that are errors between estimated and measured variables of the process. An ARX model is used for residual generation, while for residual evaluation a neural network classifier for MLP is used. The proposed fault detection and isolation tool has been tested on a single-shaft industrial gas turbine model.
The aim of this paper is firstly to describe the design than to introduce a new approach of dynamic modeling and simulation results of a Fuel cell/Ultra capacitor (FC/ULC) hybrid power system. The developed model is represented in the state space, so it can be used to implement a suitable control strategy. The given design shows that the transient behavior, effect of the Fuel Cell, is eliminated by the use of the Ultra capacitor through the Flyback converter (FIBC). Thus, the output voltage from the source is maintained with a certain range and meets power demand of the load at high efficiency.
The aim of this paper is to demonstrate that a dynamic simulator, taking into account temporal data of renewable sources and using energy on one year, is able to sizing each element composing the electric generation system and the storage system. The electrical system includes photovoltaic panels (PV), a wind turbine (WT), a diesel generator (DG) and a storage battery. To illustrate the sizing capability of the dynamic simulator, we have fixed the surfaces of the PV and wind turbine as well as the battery. We are looking to obtain 100% supply by whole generation system. The study is limited to the power minimization of the diesel generator and to elaboration a strategy of starting and stopping the DG according to the SOC of the battery. I.e. with minimum power of DG, minimize the number of start-up and minimize the amount of excess energy. The simulation results for several sizing of DG illustrate the possibility to choose the power DG and the SOC thresholds of the battery to starting or stopping the DG.
This paper deals with the analysis and simulation of a Tunisian Wind farms in Sidi-Daoud, the most important wind farm in Tunisia. In this farm constant speed wind turbines are used. The first section devoted to the presentation of the wind farm of Sidi-Doud. In the second part, we present the aerodynamic model of the wind turbine and the transient model of the induction generator used in this wind park. Finally, we simulate the electrical behavior of the wind farm under the turbulent wind upstream of each rotor turbine and identify the main features based on simulation software PSAT.
This paper proposes a new discrete approach to solve network reconfiguration of power system. Like other problems of optimization, network reconfiguration is different. Here the positions of tie switches represent integer numbers, thus the Gaussian formulation and rounding off the number, in this case is not very useful. Evolutionary Programming (EP) based discrete optimization technique is proposed to find out the optimum switch(s) combination. Minimization of power losses is considered as a fitness function. The proposed technique is tested on standard 33-bus and 69-bus radial distribution network, having 5-tie switches. The result shows that the proposed technique achieve better fitness function in less computation time and less number of iterations.
This paper evaluates the flow of passengers towards the emergency exit by using a system simulation based on a multi-agent system (MAS). To represent the behavior of panicked passengers, an internal model was introduced that reflected the changing emotional state of a passenger during an aircraft accident. In this internal model, an agent representing a panicked passenger exhibits non-adaptive behavior, that is, not following social rules regarding queuing in line at the emergency exit in the cabin. From the simulation studies, it was found that the selfish and abnormal behavior of a passenger, attributed to panic-related emotions, caused a slowdown in the cabin's evacuation flow resulting in a delay in the evacuation egress time from an aircraft after an accident. By considering the simulation results from the point of view of social psychology, it was illustrated that the size of evacuation group affects performance during the evacuation.
Performance evaluation of wireless access and localization is important for body sensor networks, as any defects in the design not only cause wastage of resources, but also threaten an individual's health and safety. The typical cyber methods, however, such as software simulation, often fail to accurately simulate the influence of hardware implementation. The traditional physical methods, however, such as field testing, are not capable of creating repeatable and controllable channel conditions. To combine cyber and physical factors as well as to address the issue, we present a cyber physical test-bed for environment virtualization to facilitate the performance evaluation of wireless access and localization in body sensor networks. This test-bed creates a virtualized environment by emulating the wireless channel in a cybernetic way using a real time channel emulator. The original devices or systems under testing can be physically connected to a channel emulator to evaluate the performance in the virtualization environment. Furthermore, the cyber physical test-bed supports various scenarios from in-body data transmission to time of arrival based indoor localization. To validate the cyber physical approach, emulated outputs are compared with the empirical data obtained from actual measurements. To overcome the bandwidth limitation of traditional digital channel emulators, we have designed an analog channel emulator for UWB technologies. The preliminary verification of this analog emulator is introduced at the end of this paper.
Providing the basis for fast system simulations and the adequate design of upcoming THz communication systems, a novel stochastic 300 GHz indoor channel model is introduced. It combines both the modeling in time as well as in frequency domain in order to account for the significant frequency dispersion of ultra broadband THz channels. Not only amplitude, phase and temporal, but also spatial channel information is considered. That way, MIMO systems as well as novel antenna concepts can be simulated. Verified and calibrated frequency domain ray tracing simulations in an office scenario provide the data basis for the derivation of model parameters. Model channel realizations are tested against ray tracing predictions and channel measurements. A complete scenario-specific parameter set is given for the considered environment, so that the model can be implemented for further use and future THz communication links can be designed under consideration of realistic propagation conditions.
A corrugated rectangular waveguide, commonly used in radio frequency antennas applications, was considered for use in a gyro-TWA experiment. This waveguide transducer produced broadband circularly polarised radiation in the Ka-band frequency range (26??40 GHz). Computer simulations, using computer simulation technology Microwave Studio??, were carried out and predicted return losses exceeding 30 dB and a 6° phase variation for 20% bandwidth centred at 31 GHz. Comparison between experimental measurements and simulations showed good agreement. The performance of this polariser was also compared to that of a conventional elliptical converter. Owing to its broadband performance the authors consider some of the technical aspects of applying this component to a Ka-band gyro-TWA experiment.
As a TV sport, sailboat racing is relegated to the same sorts of channels and time slots as bowling and poker: They're worse than those for fishing and golf. The problem is that even passionate sailing fans can find it hard to follow races on television, where producers cut back and forth between video of the boats and animated simulations of the action, attempting to show where the boats are in relation to one another. If you're channel surfing and you come upon a yacht race and have no idea which boat is in the lead, what would you do? Change the channel, probably.
This paper investigates mobility load balancing (MLB) in a hexagonal LTE (Long Term Evolution) macro cellular deployment. Gain and cost of MLB is evaluated by downlink (DL) system simulations in terms of quality of service (QoS) enhancement versus increased resource expenses. A novel distributed SON (self-organizing network) algorithm, termed as neighborhood mobility load balancing (NMLB) algorithm, is presented which also includes non-adjacent neighborhood cells in the optimization area as compared to the classical approach in which only adjacent neighbor cells are considered in the optimization area. The simulation results show that NMLB gives a significant gain w.r.t. the traffic throughput as compared to the classical MLB in complex load scenarios where the capacity is not available in the adjacent neighbor cells but further away in the neighborhood cells.
This article presents an application of the methodology for the task-based optimal design of drive-train of industrial robots used in a novel mechanism for press tending robot application in press line automation. The methodology is based on task-based robot Mechatronic system simulation and analysis as well as multi-objective optimization. To further improve the cycle time performance of the system to achieve superior press line performance, a quantitative relationship between the press line performance and the drive-train design of the industrial robots as function of weight of the crossbar, is investigated using task-based design and robot Mechatronic system simulation as well as multi-objective optimization. Results of this work have clearly demonstrated the efficiency and accuracy of this approach and the insight obtained on how the weight of the crossbar affects the relationship between the robot performance requirement and robot drive-train design.
This work reports the experimental evaluation of X-parameters models for the simulation of ET systems. We have extracted 2-port and 3-port X-parameters models from large signal vector measurements, for a GaAs PA with 40 dBm nominal peak power at 850 MHz. The data suggests that 3-port X-parameter model not only leads to an accuracy improvement during the estimation of average DE and ACLR but also permits the extraction of constant gain shaping functions that increase the overall system linearity.
DC-DC converters are used to transform the DC link voltage to an optimal medium voltage DC for maximizing the power to weight (P/W) ratio of an air-borne unit in high altitude wind power (HAWP) generation system. This paper presents the comparative study of current fed and voltage fed isolated DC-DC converters for HAWP application. Voltage fed converters (VFC) with inductive and capacitive filters are compared with current fed converters (CFC) for a 100 kW application. All the three proposed power electronic converters maintain zero voltage switching (ZVS) on the primary side switches in order to reduce switching losses. The current and voltage ratings of the components used in the converters are presented in order to realize the size and weight of the converters. Analytical and simulation results are presented to elaborate the performance of the converters using software simulation program PSIM-9. Losses as well as power to weight ratio of the converters are assessed using the components' datasheets and compared to evaluate the converter that exhibits the best power to weight ratio for HAWP application supported by light gas filled blimp/aerostat.
In this paper a Power Factor Control (PFC) of an AC-DC boost converter operating in light load condition has been presented. A Passivity-Based current control able to operate in either Continuous Conduction Mode (CCM) and in Discontinuous Conduction Mode (DCM) has been presented. Cascaded control with outer PI voltage loop and intermediary input voltage feedforward has been implemented in order to increase Power Factor (PF). The proposed solution has been numerically tested using a powerful software simulation platform.
With the progress of the smart grid development and the prototyping of active control solutions supporting grid operation in the presence of a large amount of distributed generators, a design methodology for networked smart grid systems is required. This paper proposes an approach for fast system simulation and emulation-supported prototyping. A distinct tool, the Simulation Message Bus, accompanies the development of distributed controllers for power distribution grids from concept to field application. With this, the idea of an integrated development tool chain as it is known e.g. in the semiconductor or car industry is brought to the energy domain.
An e-learning methodology is developed and applied to a DC microgrid composed of a fuel cell as the main energy source and two energy storage elements as the auxiliary sources: a bank of supercapacitors and a bank of batteries. Control strategy is based on a combination of flatness and fuzzy logic control. The studied hybrid system is evaluated for the new European drive cycle. Using fully functional stand-alone software, interactive simulations allow the users to evaluate the impact of the energy management and the power control on the efficiency of the DC microgrid.
Nowadays envelope tracking (ET) is considered one of the most appealing techniques for the efficiency enhancement of RF power amplifiers (PAs), but it also introduces a number of additional challenges for the system simulation and implementation. In this context, this paper aims to provide a new behavioral model capable of an improved performance when used for the modeling and predistortion of RF PAs deployed in ET transceivers. The proposed solution consists in a 2D behavioral model having as a dual-input the PA complex baseband envelope and the modulated supply waveform, peculiar of the ET case. The model definition is based on binomial series, hence the name of memory binomial model (MBM). The MBM is here applied to measured data-sets acquired from an ET measurement set-up. When used as a PA model the MBM showed an NMSE (Normalized Mean Squared Error) as low as -40dB and an ACEPR (Adjacent Channel Error Power Ratio) below -51 dB. The simulated predistortion results showed that the MBM can improve the compensation of distortion in the adjacent channel of 5.8 dB and 5.7 dB compared to a memory polynomial predistorter (MPPD). The predistortion performance in the time domain showed an NMSE improvement of 2.5 dB against the MPPD.
The interaction allowed by Virtual Reality (VR) technology, as a complement to 3D modeling, could make an end to passive attitudes of learners as an opposition to traditional teaching systems, leading to a better communication between teacher and student. VR technology was applied on the development of a didactic model concerning the construction process of bridges. The VR application allows the visual simulation of the physical progression of the work and the method of operation of the equipment applied in it. This text describes the modeling and programing processes concerning the virtual simulation of the construction work of a bridge deck formed of precast beams.
Students worldwide find very difficult to learn sciences. Therefore there is a need to find innovative ways to motivate students and help them learn. One possible way is the inclusion of technology in the classroom because it is a familiar environment for these students, the digital natives. This article addresses the specific use of simulators as a means to improve the learning of Physics. The aim of this work is to design, develop and test a virtual reality simulator that allows experiencing / feeling various forces of physics such as the friction force, the aerodynamic force and the gravitational force. To give more realism to the man-machine interaction the simulator uses a haptic interface.
This paper studies the tight integration of D2D communication into an LTE-Advanced network and the performance of D2D multi-hop communication. The main focus is on the capacity of the proposed system with multiple idle UEs acting as relays. The relays are chosen to form multi-hop communication and connect with both active UEs through D2D technology. Further, we present numerical results based on the system simulations in an interference limited scenario and compare results with and without the use of resource sharing techniques. The results indicate that appropriate resource sharing and allocation algorithm could increase SINR by reducing interference, and the system throughput could be improved more than 15% in the hybrid cellular network.
Full-system simulators are invaluable tools for designing new architectures due to their ability to simulate full applications as well as capture operating system behavior, virtual machine or hypervisor behavior, and interference between concurrently-running applications. However, the systems under investigation and applications under test have become increasingly complicated leading to prohibitively long simulation times for a single experiment. This problem is compounded when many permutations of system design parameters and workloads are tested to investigate system sensitivities and full-system effects with confidence. In this paper, we propose a methodology to tractably explore the processor design space and to characterize applications in a full-system simulation environment. We combine SimPoint, Principal Component Analysis and Fractional Factorial experimental designs to substantially reduce the simulation effort needed to characterize and analyze workloads. We also present a non-invasive user-interface automation tool to allow us to study all types of workloads in a simulation environment. While our methodology is generally applicable to many simulators and workloads, we demonstrate the application of our proposed flow on smartphone applications running on the Android operating system within the gem5 simulation environment.
In this paper a full vectorial 3D microwave imaging system consisting of three layers is analyzed numerically. The system is capable of acquiring scattered fields in two different polarizations using modulated scattering technique. A comparison between the full system simulation and measurement data is also presented.
In this paper, a low-profile and unidirectional spiral antenna is proposed. The antenna is backed by a Meta-material (MTM) absorber realized with circular patches on a magnetic substrate. The impact of the meta-material absorber on the antenna characteristics such as reflection coefficient, polarization and gain has been investigated. Good performances are obtained in a low-profile configuration using HFSS EM software simulation.
Nature-inspired algorithms are among the most powerful algorithms for optimization. In this paper, a load frequency control (LFC) in two-area power systems using the lévy-flight firefly optimization algorithm (LFOA) is presented. The system simulation is realized by using MatLab/Simulink. The proposed LFOA-based PID controller has been compared with the firefly optimization algorithm (FOA)-based and particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm-based PID controllers. Simulations and results indicate that the proposed LFOA is superior to other ones for the LFC in two-area power systems.
The large power three-level voltage source converters with IGCTs have been widely used in medium or large power drive systems and will be promising in the near future. And the losses of the converter should be carefully considered during the design of the cooling system of the converter. In the paper, the losses of IGCT device are analyzed and verified with experiment. Then with the system simulation model of the large power converter, the losses of the devices and the efficiency of the converter are also studied.
This paper discusses transient fault current characteristics of photovoltaic system with the help of photovoltaic power system simulation model built in the PSCAD/EMTDC. Then analyze the characteristics and problems of typically existing relay protection configuration scheme for photovoltaic power station and its outgoing lines, and puts forward corresponding improvement measures.
As the penetration of wind power is high, in power system planning, it is difficult to acquire the detailed model of wind generators to be installed because of the commercial secrets. This paper discussed the mathematical models and typical control strategies of grid-connected double-fed wind generator (DFIG), and established the electromechanical simulation model with the help of power system simulation software DIgSILENT. Furthermore, two typical vector control methods applied in DFIG-stator flux oriented control and stator voltage oriented control were compared from two aspects which were eigenvalue and dynamic response. It can be concluded that when suffered a large disturbance, the proposed two vector control methods are quite different, and it is necessary to consider more detailed model in system stability analysis. On the contrary, when small disturbance is supposed, the results of two control methods are almost identical, which illustrates strong robustness and small deviation by applying general model.
This paper presents simulation and hardware implementation of Fuzzy Logic based, grid connected photovoltaic maximum power point tracking control system using double boost converter. Contributions are made in several aspects of the whole system, including converter design, system simulation, controller programming, and experimental setup. The solar irradiation and temperature are mainly depends on the output power produced from the PV conversion process. Hence the maximum power point of PV array is tracked to maximize the efficiency of Photovoltaic system. The proposed method of this project is Maximum Power Point Tracker method based on Fuzzy Logic Controller which is applied to a stand-alone PV system. Contributions are made in several aspects of the whole system, including converter design, system simulation, controller programming, and experimental setup. By using this Fuzzy Logic Controller method we get high accuracy around the optimum point when compared to other conventional MPPT algorithms like hill climbing, incremental conductance and perturbation and observation. The proposed system consists of a stand-alone PV system, DC/DC Boost converters, Fuzzy Logic Controller and a load. Converter regulates voltage and current to provide a continuous maximum power to the load. The simulation results show the effectiveness of the proposed fuzzy logic controller applied for the PV system. MATLAB and Simulink were employed for simulation studies.
Evolutionary algorithms (EA) are recently used to explore the parameter space of complex system simulations as the methodology sees models as black boxes. The first advantage is that these algorithms become independent from what kind of simulation has to be explored. The task is finding the parameter settings to optimize a given objective function. This optimization process evaluates the performance of possible parameter sets and converges towards the best alternatives. The evaluation needs to launch hundreds of thousands of simulation runs. This procedure copes with the combinatorial explosion of computation time and requires considerable computational resources. Furthermore, the original algorithms cannot guarantee the exploration in the search space uniformly and equally because the search is probabilistic. This work elaborates a multistage optimization process in a grid-enabled modeling and simulation platform. We propose a hybrid integration of various continuous optimization algorithms and optimize them for running with different Distributed Resource Management (DRM) systems. The performance of algorithm is compared to original algorithm in the optimization of Ants model.
This paper considers a stochastic system simulation with unknown input distribution parameters and assumes the availability of a limited amount of historical data for parameter estimation. We investigate how to account for parameter uncertainty — the uncertainty that is due to the estimation of the input distribution parameters from historical data of finite length — in a subset selection procedure that identifies the stochastic system designs whose sample means are within a user-specified distance of the best mean performance measure. We show that even when the number of simulation replications is large enough for the stochastic uncertainty to be negligible, the amount of parameter uncertainty in output data imposes a threshold on the user-specified distance for an effective use of the subset selection procedure for simulation. We demonstrate the significance of this effect of parameter uncertainty for a multi-item inventory system simulation in the presence of short demand histories.
System study and development of an L-band one-dimensional synthetic aperture radiometer, or microwave interferometric radiometer (MIR), has been introduced in this paper. This radiometer is the passive part of a combined active/passive instrument for space-based ocean salinity observation. Recent progresses on radiometer hardware development and system simulation have been introduced.
Monte?Carlo simulation is an effective tool for modeling imaging equipment of nuclear medicine such as PET systems. The aim of this paper is to present a novel simulation tool called MCPS (Monte?Carlo for PET Systems) to demonstrate that MCNPX can be made capable of performing PET system simulations. The general purpose Monte?Carlo code MCNPX serves in many cases as reference. It has numerous advantages: it is more flexible than dedicated programs, every interaction data can be retrieved, but has limited ability to handle time depending processes (e.g., source activity cannot be defined). Therefore, unlike the GEANT4 based GATE program, MCNPX is not widely used for PET simulations. MCPS is capable of modeling the physical behavior of PET systems. The processing steps can be tailored to a wide range of applications, such as digital SiPM sensors or non-conventional geometries such as PET probes. For the verification of the tool described below, the parameters of the nanoScan-PC system (Mediso Ltd.) were used. Verification of the simulation tool has been performed by comparing the MCPS simulation results with measured data.
We discuss two forms of user-interactive simulation: in exploratory simulation users may explore a system by means of interventions, and in participatory simulation they may participate in a multi-agent simulation scenario by controlling (or ‘playing’) one of the agents. Exploratory simulation can be used by researchers for validating a simulation model and it can be used by students and trainees for learning the dynamics of a system by interacting with a simulation model of it. Participatory simulation allows dealing with simulation problems where one (or more) of the involved human roles cannot be modeled sufficiently faithfully and therefore have to be played by human actors that participate in simulation runs. We elaborate the concepts of exploratory and participatory simulation on a general, implementation-independent level. We also show how they can be implemented with the AOR Simulation (AORS 2012) platform based on the human-computer interaction paradigm of agent control.
The economic environmental load dispatch problem in power networks aims at producing electricity at the lowest financial and environmental costs. In this paper, we propose a novel real-time dynamic data driven adaptive multi-scale simulation framework (RT-DDDAMS) for efficient real-time dispatching of electricity. The framework includes 1) a discovery procedure where the network is split into sub-networks and prospective fidelities are identified, 2) an RT-DDDAMS platform involving algorithms for state estimation, fidelity selection, and multi-objective optimization alongside with a system simulation; and 3) databases for storing sub-network topologies, fidelities, and selective measurements. The best compromise load dispatch obtained from this framework is then sent to the considered power network for deployment. The proposed framework is illustrated and validated via a modified IEEE-30 bus test system. The experiments reveal that the proposed framework significantly reduces the computational resource usages needed for the reliable power dispatch without compromising the quality of the solutions.
Large-scale and high-fidelity testbeds play critical roles in analyzing large-scale networks such as data centers, cellular networks, and smart grid control networks. Our prior work combines parallel simulation and virtual-time-integrated emulation, such that it offers both functional and temporal fidelity to the critical software execution in large scale network settings. To achieve better scalability, we have developed a distributed emulation system. However, as the number of computing servers grows, so does too the synchronization overhead. Application lookahead, the ability to predict future behaviors of software, may help reducing overhead for performance gain. In this paper, we study the impacts of application lookahead on our distributed emulation testbed. We find that application lookahead can greatly reduce synchronization overhead and improve speed by up to 3 times in our system, but incorrect lookahead may affect application fidelity to different degrees, depending on application sensitivity to timing.
Simulation games are effective tools for training and interactive learning but require significant development effort. A Construction project management game has been developed to provide an interactive simulation environment to assist in construction project management learning. The objective of this game is to help users understand the effects of their resource allocation decisions on project time and cost performance. A distributed approach using High Level Architecture (HLA) has been used in developing this game. The game federation consists of four federates (Progress simulator, Resources simulator, Controller, and User Interface). A Commercial-Of-The-Shelf (COTS) application “Microsoft project 2007?” is used as the main user interface for this game. The use of a common COTS reduces the effort needed for building a dedicated graphical interface from scratch and provide a familiar interface for users. This paper describes the development process of this game, potential use, and future extensions.
Modeling and simulation tools are used to assist decision-makers to predict essential parameters such as completion duration and productivity rate of construction operations. Two approaches are used, process simulation and system simulation. The first compute parameters based on processes interaction while the second focuses on the complex relationship among project components and their impacts. This paper presents an assessment to simulated project completion duration and productivity rate under traditional Discrete Event Simulation (DES) and modified traditional simulation technique. The evaluation is based on a simulated real case study. The process elements of the case were simulated using (DES) while system elements were simulated using System Dynamics (SD). A significant difference in productivity rate and duration was noticed between the base DES model and the impacted model. The argument presented about the credibility of simulation model outcomes highlight the pitfalls of simulation models and the measures that should be endorsed.
The objective of this paper is to illustrate the application of construction schedule simulation during the planning phase of a construction project. Schedule simulations can be used to develop risk informed schedules that support improved contingency planning. This paper discusses the challenges underlying construction schedule simulation, and how they can be addressed by an interactive simulation platform such as the Interactive Construction Decision-Making Aid (ICDMA). Further, the paper uses ICDMA during the planning process, for a case study, to identify the activities in a project that are most likely to change criticality during the construction process. Current scheduling techniques such as the Critical Path Method (CPM) are capable of identifying critical activities, but they cannot be used to assess the likelihood of alternative critical paths emerging during construction due to unexpected disruptions in the as-planned schedule. The research illustrates the usefulness of construction simulation in supporting the scheduling process.
This paper evaluates the effectiveness of remote inspections using a robot in a laboratory experiment. The experiment differs from most human-robot interaction experiments in its direct comparison of manned and robotic operations. 21 participants each performed three manned inspections and three inspections with each of the two remote inspection methods, teleoperated and assisted. The effectiveness was measured based on the number of errors they were able to identify. Teleoperated inspections were found to be less effective than manned, although this difference was not statistical significant. Assisted inspections, implemented as an interactive simulation prototype representing a robot with higher autonomy, had similar effectiveness as manned. Because of the time and high cost required for manned inspections of offshore wind turbines, remote inspection can give a large economic benefit. However, this will only be a viable alternative if the robot system is inexpensive and remote inspections are as effective for identifying errors as manned inspections, which the experiment presented here suggests.
Process planning and scheduling are two important parts in intelligent manufacturing system and have great impacts on production efficiency. Integrate them can highly increase the production feasibility and optimality. Researchers have done a lot work on integration of process planning and scheduling (IPPS). But former researchers rarely focused on uncertain environment. In reality many factors can cause the uncertainty of production process time. This paper pioneers in choosing a better solution in uncertain manufacturing environment based on interval theory. The uncertain process time is modeled as interval number. And then, the completion time is also an interval number. Genetic Algorithm (GA) is used to solve this model. The feasibility and effectiveness of the solution have been taken into consideration. The experimental results obtained by increasing the scale of the problem illustrate the proposed method is stable and effective.
Swarm robotic systems can offer advantages of robustness, flexibility and scalability, just like social insects. One assumption that is made by the majority of swarm robotic researchers, particularly in software simulation, is that a robotic swarm is a group of identical robots, there is no difference between any two of them. However, differences among hardware robots are unavoidable. These hardware differences, albeit small, affect the robots response to its environment. In this work, robots with hardware variation have been modeled and simulated in a line following scenario. It is found that even small hardware variations can result in behavioral heterogeneity. Although the variations can be compensated by the controllers in training, the hardware variation and resulting differences in controller settings are amplified in the non-linear interaction between robot and environment. Accordingly, the behavior of the identically trained robots in the same environment are subject to divergence.
The problem of determining Ramp Metering control rates, taking into account routing response, is addressed in this paper. We develop Model Predictive Control based Anticipatory control schemes, featuring both centralized and decomposed optimization problems, with focus on real-life deployability. We then evaluate the aforementioned schemes' performances in comparison to simpler, non-anticipatory control techniques, by means of software simulation based on purpose-built experimental scenarios.
Integration of multiple processing cores and variegated custom hardware functional units in recent embedded system chips favor network-on-chip (NOC) communication architecture for optimal utilization of these components by applications. Application design paradigms for such embedded systems should aim to improve the overall user experience of the system instead of optimizing traditional design parameters such as power, speed or some combination of these. In this paper, a user satisfaction model is used to capture user experience for multimedia applications in an NOC based embedded system simulation tool. User satisfaction based scheduling for polymorphic implementation of video and audio application is compared against FCFS and EDF scheduling policies. Experiments demonstrate that polymorphism is an effective technique for optimal utilization of NOC resources that results in improved user satisfaction.
Mobile operators are witnessing a dramatic increase in traffic spurred by a combination of popularity of smartphones, innovative applications and diverse services. As mobile traffic transitions from being voice dominated to video and data dominated, the revenue per byte for the mobile operators is declining at an unhealthy rate. To counter the traffic growth and build cost-effective networks, many operators are now forging alliances for RAN (Radio Access Network) sharing to improve coverage and capacity at reasonable investments and operational costs. This paper presents the design and implementation of NetShare, a network-wide radio resource management framework that provides effective RAN Sharing. NetShare introduces a novel two-level scheduler split between the mobile gateway and the cellular basestations to effectively manage and allocate the wireless resources of the radio access network composed of multiple basestations among multiple different entities (such as operators, content providers, etc.) that share the network. Firstly, NetShare provides performance isolation across entities with a minimum guaranteed resource allocation to each entity across the network. Secondly, NetShare optimally distributes the resources to each entity across the network proportional to the resource demand at each basestation. Through extensive LTE-based system simulations and prototype evaluations on a WiMAX testbed, we show the efficacy of NetShare in (a) providing isolation across entities and (b) efficiently distributing resources for each entity across the network thus achieving high utilization of resources for an entity.
This paper presents the transient simulated results of a three-phase short-circuit fault applied to one of the feeders of Jang-Bin wind farm connected to Taipower grid using a commercial power-system simulation software of PSS/E. The simulated transient voltage fluctuations, power variations, and frequency changes can serve as an operation reference for a power system connected with large-scale wind farms. It can also serve as a reference for the future development of Taiwan's offshore wind farms.
The next generation of the electrical power grid, called the Smart Grid, overcomes the deficiencies of the existing system using several Information and Communication Technology (ICT) mechanisms. One such mechanism is wide-area grid monitoring based on phasor measurement units (PMU). The data from these units are communicated to several applications (such as control, market brokerage, etc.) using a communication network framework called the North American Synchro-Phasor Initiative Network (NASPInet). To understand the performance and to guide design decisions of wide-area monitoring based Smart Grid applications, there is a need for a simulator that has both power system and communication system simulation capabilities. In this paper, we present a co-simulation framework developed using two existing public-domain simulators (OpenDSS and OMNET++ respectively for power systems and communication networks simulation). The former is based on continuous-time and the latter on discrete-time simulation. The proposed framework also deals with the time synchronization between these two systems. This framework has been implemented at IIT Madras for public use. A hybrid state estimation application, a voltage monitoring application and a renewable energy integration application are implemented over this framework. The results obtained from the applications verify their field correctness and also validate the correctness of the co-simulation framework.
Development of accurate system models of immunity test setups might be extremely time consuming or even impossible. Here a new generalized approach to develop accurate component-based models of different system-level EMC test setups is proposed on the example of a BCI test setup. An equivalent circuit modelling of the components in LF range is combined with measurement-based macromodelling in HF range. The developed models show high accuracy up to 1 GHz. The issues of floating PCB configurations and incorporation of low frequency behaviour could be solved. Both frequency and time-domain simulations are possible. Arbitrary system configurations can be assembled quickly using the proposed component models. Any kind of system simulation like parametric variation and worst-case analysis can be performed with high accuracy.
Situational awareness applications in disaster response and tactical scenarios require efficient communication without a managed infrastructure. In principle, the performance, size, weight, and power of commercial off-the-shelf mobile phones and tablets are sufficient to support such applications, provided that efficient protocols and mechanisms are put in place for the efficient and secure sharing and storage of content among such devices. ICEMAN (Information CEntric Mobile Ad-hoc Networking) is a system that allows applications to request content objects by their attributes, and integrates its API with utility-based dissemination, caching, and network-coding mechanisms to deliver content. ICEMAN is implemented based on the Haggle architecture running in the Android operating system, and supports distributed situational-awareness applications operating in networks subject to severe disruption. Its functionality is described, and performance results of the ICEMAN implementation running in mobile phones and the CORE/EMANE network emulation are presented for several test scenarios.
To realize visualization for Process Control Systems (PCS) in Life Science Automation (LSA), the authors developed a Control and Simulation System. As an intermediary, the system receives scheduling data of experiment workflow from the PCS via a TCP/IP socket. Based on these data, it drives the simulation software 3DCreate to realize the automated experiment simulation by calling its COM API and Python API. After simulation, the system sends simulation results back to the PCS via TCP/IP socket, and drives the PCS to begin its real automated experiment task when the scheduling processes are checked to be correct by the simulation result. The system integrates hardware, PCS and simulation software, and realizes a real-time virtual simulation for experiment workflow in LSA laboratories. It saves experiment cost and improves the efficiency in laboratory automation display.
In this paper, a novel 6-PSS parallel manipulator is designed and the three dimensional structure model is obtained with the Solidworks. The inverse kinematics analysis is performed based on the designed geometric parameters. And according to this analysis, we obtain the theoretical simulation results of virtual structures with different positions and orientations by using MATLAB software. These simulation structures verify the feasibility of this novel 6-PSS parallel manipulator. With a given orientation, a numerical search method is adopted in finding the reachable workspace with the judgment conditions of physical constraints, and the relationship between the reachable workspace and the size of the structure is studied in virtual simulation. Therefore, the range including the largest reachable workspace is achieved and a possible further application of this novel 6-PSS parallel manipulator is proposed, especially in some fields of different structure size requirements.
Expansion Rod Capturing Nozzle Device is developed to achieve the function of capturing the non-cooperative satellite by locking the main engine nozzle. Nozzle structure is captured by the device through its throat, so the size and mass are small. The overall structure design of the device and the operating principle of the Expansion Rod mechanism are described. A method of Meshing Profile Modeling is proposed and introduced in particular. The method is used to design the key component of Expansion Rod. The Expansion Rod designed by the modeling method and the not designed one are compared in virtual simulation software. Verify the correctness and necessity of the modeling method by the simulations. In order to study the working process of the device, the virtual simulation and the related experiments are carried out, and the experimental results were analyzed. The simulation and experiments results show that the designed Expansion Rod using the modeling method has the ability to capture and lock the satellite nozzle.
In order to verify and test the dynamics characteristic of free-floating space robot, a hybrid dynamics simulation experiment based on hardware and software simulation is present in this paper. Firstly, a set of ground experiment system which consists of the joint electronic simulator, the central controller and dynamics simulation computer is built to simulate the motion of space manipulator and acquire the joint control torques. Then, the 3-dimensional model of space robot in the Pro/e software is imported in ADAMS software to build the simulation system. Finally, the joint control torques as inputs are adopted to simulate the motion state of space manipulator and its free-floating base in the ADAMS and Simulink co-simulation system. The simulation results demonstrate that the hybrid simulation experiment method is valid.
Squatting down and lifting object for biped robot is one of the basic conditions of realizing the humanoid movement. This paper analyzes the movement through the linkage mechanism. The motion rule of the whole body's 15 degrees of freedom (DOF) is the most important part. This paper calculates the necessary conditions to make the robot keep balance and not tip over in the process of squatting down. At last, it verifies the correctness of the method by the virtual simulation. This conclusion also can verify the rationality of structure designing and provide a theoretical basis for the development of the robot prototype.
Aim at the problem that airborne equipment lacks quantitative analysis of airdrop adaptability, this paper put forward to build a virtual simulation verification platform of airdrop adaptability, integrated software and hardware, which uses technology of numerical calculation, modeling and simulation and virtual test. The airdrop process of airborne equipment which includes loading, air transportation, deplaning, descent and landing can be calculated and simulated, and airdrop adaptability of airborne equipment can be quantitatively analyzed, providing support of theories and simulated experiments to development, improvement, battle usage in airborne equipment.
In order to realize shape reconstruction of the flexible plate structure through detecting the distributed orthogonal curvature information, a curve surface fitting algorithm based on the improved genetic algorithm was researched in this paper. The surface of the plate structure is first decomposed into several surface patches, and then, a suitable quadratic equation should be selected to establish surface mathematical model. Multiple nonlinear equations were created by using the equal mean curvature and continuous surface of differential geometry of surface theories as boundary constraint conditions. For each patch, nonlinear equations were solved by using the improved genetic algorithm to obtain the parametric equation of the surface patch. The surface patch could be spliced and the recursive method was adopted to realize the reconstruction of the surface. Finally, simulation experiments and analysis were carried out in the visualization software simulation platform based on OpenGL technology. The experimental results show that the curve surface fitting algorithm based on the improved genetic algorithm can effectively reconstruct the structural bending and torsion deformation.
The utilization of interactive simulation-based instructional materials for teaching an introductory computer course plays a big contribution in leveraging student learning outcomes. Simulation can provide learners a guided environment wherein they learn the content by doing it. This paper focuses on the discussion of the positive outcomes and benefits gained by students in Sultan Qaboos University from the IT Foundation Program while utilizing an online course that is fully equipped with simulation-based training modules. It includes presentation of findings from an experiment to measure the impact of simulation in improving students learning engagement and performance. Whilst students responded favorably on the use of simulation tools and perceived that their comprehension and retention of the learning material were satisfied, the implication of this study is for educators to consider the incorporation of simulation-based modules in teaching. This paper also tackles some of the challenges affecting the implementation of simulation tools in teaching an online introductory computer course in the university. Discussions of results contained in this paper are supported with quantitative and qualitative data describing students perceptions on the employment of simulation-based modules. Furthermore, discussions about future directions of integrating ICT tools such as simulation-based instructional tools in Sultan Qaboos University context will also be presented for consideration.
By analyzing the structure of single tank liquid level control system and the corresponding mathematical model, the system simulation model of a single tank liquid level control system is firstly established. Secondly, the theory of conventional BP neural network PID control algorithm is introduced. Thirdly, an improved learning rate technology is proposed to solve the slow convergence problem of traditional method. Finally, simulation results are provided to indicate that this improved method has the advantage of quick velocity response, less overshoot, higher control precision and good robustness in comparison with traditional BP-PID control algorithm.
A novel microwave photonic filter is proposed based on phase modulator and Fiber Bragg Gratings in this paper. Using the bipolar properties of the gratings, both a high-Q band-pass filter and a notch filter can be switched by adjusting the attenuators. Numerical simulations demonstrate that the filter performances are influenced by the zero pole position of the transfer function, and then the system simulation results show that a frequency response of a high Q band-pass filter with a Q factor of 114 and a rejection ratio of around 45 dB, and a flat notch frequency response with QN value exceeding 48 are obtained. Furthermore, compared with the filters whose signal powers cannot be separately controlled, the proposed notch filter's performances is improved through separately controlling signal powers.
In this paper a Power Factor Control (PFC) for an AC-DC boost converter operating in light load condition has been presented. A Passivity-Based current control able to operate in either Continuous Conduction Mode (CCM) and in Discontinuous Conduction Mode (DCM) has been implemented. A voltage PI-based control with input feedforward has been implemented in order to increase Power Factor (PF) and regulate the DC output A current observer, suitable for both operating modes has been adopted in order to eliminate the need for expensive current sensor. The proposed Mixed Conduction Mode (MCM) control scheme has been numerically tested using a powerful software simulation platform and compared to classical CCM control scheme.
Satellite formation flying has higher performance, higher reliability and lower costs comparing to the traditional single satellite. So it becomes a research hotspot in the field of aerospace in China and abroad over the past decade. This paper put thoughts of Agent-based modeling and simulation into satellite formation flying. It meets the autonomy demands of collaborative simulation of satellite formation. Multi-Agent System Development Platform JADE is used to design a Multi-Agent system of orbit tracking and circle flying model of satellite formation. It has a distributed collaborative structure. According to the situation that distance between the satellites is short, the model can be described as a following satellite flying around a reference satellite. Overall framework and concrete implementation method are shown in this paper. It provides an effective approach for distributed interactive simulation platform development.
With the decrease of the digital circuit noise tolerance and the timing margins tolerance. The simultaneous switching noise (SSN) of Power ground plane become a major bottleneck for high speed design. The existing method of suppressing SSN exist their short comings. In this paper, the new method combined electromagnetic band gap(EBG)with decoupling capacitors is put forwarded to use design to suppress SSN, the software simulation results show that the method is effective.
This project's main aim is to detect unbalancing in three phase circuit. We further provide a software simulation in MATLAB to provide solution to this problem. This MATLAB simulation works with self-adapting intelligent agent system that would plot real time unbalancing and balancing of the system. In a balance system all phases, of a three phase power system are distributed at 120° in space with respect to each other. In "three phase four wire" systems, no current flows through neutral wire if system is balanced [1]. We have also shown that how by dividing the areas into sub servers of Java we can decrease the inconsistency and remove the discrepancies in the whole system thus tackling these uncontrolled conditions of unbalancing.
In this paper, theoretical and experimental study on cylindrical dielectric resonator antenna (CDRA) made of CCTO material is reported. The CDRA with high dielectric constant (εΓ = 55) is fed with aperture coupled 50 ? microstrip transmission line. The TE011+S mode of CDRA is excited to operate at 5.15–5.35 GHz for wireless local area network (WLAN) application. The electrical model of the aperture coupled CDRA is built to verify the antenna feasibility. The validity of the electrical model is confirmed by comparing the values of the return losses obtained through an electrical model using Agilent Advanced Design System (ADS) against those obtained through antenna geometry using computer simulation technology (CST) and fabricated prototype.
In this paper, electrical models of single element cylindrical dielectric resonator antenna (CDRA) and two element CDRA array made of Calcium Copper Titanium Oxide (CCTO) material are presented. The 50 δ microstrip transmission line is used to excite the CDRAs through coupling slots etched on the ground plane. The electric models of single element CDRA and two element CDRA array are designed by using Advanced Design System (ADS). The electrical circuits are used to validate the CST design feasibility. The validity of RLC model is verified by comparing the return loss of the ADS model against those obtained through computer simulation technology (CST) and fabricated prototype. The results obtained through simulated (CST and ADS) designs and fabricated prototype of single element CDRA (0.20 GHz and 0.23 GHz) and two elements CDRA array (0.375 GHz and 0.510 GHz) are in good agreement.
A number of software simulation packages for alternative energy systems exist which may be used to determine PV system installation parameters (e.g. tilt and orientation angles) and operating limits (e.g. maximum drain current per day). However, climate change has contributed to a series of variations in weather patterns, resulting in either prolonged rain periods or lengthy heat waves. Both these variable climatic conditions exert a negative influence on the sustainability of PV systems, resulting either in system downtime or system lifetime reduction. This paper aims to contrast the results of a specific software package (RETScreen) for PV systems to experimental results obtained for a given climatic region in South Africa. The results indicate that the RETScreen software package's results should be seen as a guide in the design and installation of sustainable PV systems.
This paper shows that the optimization of the electrical energy production from a tidal turbine is dependent on the constraints of the site. The Raz Blanchard area is presented as an example. The proposed turbine is based on the 0.55MW Doubly Feed Induction Generator (DFIG) connected to a turbine with a radius of 10m. The proposed model is implemented in Matlab/Simulink software for system simulations. The simulations are done using the tidal current magnitude calculated with a hydrodynamic model. The obtained results are presented and analyzed.
In order to generate more complex chaotic attractors, an eight-dimensional seven-order hyperchaotic system is constructed, and relevant chaotic attractors can be obtained by Matlab numerical simulation. Lyapunov exponents validate that the system is hyperchaotic. Implementation circuit of this system is designed, and circuit simulation can be done by using Multisim. Circuit simulation result is identical to system simulation completely. Hyperhaotic behavior of the system is proved farther. A new chaotic signal source is provided for practical application based on chaos such as secrecy communication and signal encryption fields.
In order to solve the problem of serious harmonic pollution and power factor decline caused by uncontrolled rectification of the power electronic devices, an active power factor correction method based on UC3854 chip is proposed. The simulation model on the Saber software simulation platform is set up. Simulation results show that the power factor reaches more than 0.99. The system hardware circuit is constructed and the experimental results are basically the same as those of the simulation. Moreover the rationality and superiority of the circuit are verified.
This paper compares different state-of-the-art exploration strategies for teams of mobile robots exploring an unknown environment. The goal is to help in determining a best strategy for a given multi-robot scenario and optimization target. Experiments are done in a 2D-simulation environment with 5 robots that are equipped with a horizontal laser range finder. Required components like SLAM, path planning and obstacle avoidance of every robot are included in a full-system simulation. To evaluate different strategies the time to finish exploration, the number of measurements that have been integrated into the map and the development in size of the explored area over time are used. The results of extensive test runs on three environments with different characteristics show that simple strategies can perform fairly well in many situations but specialized strategies can improve performance with regards to their targeted evaluation measure.
WiFi signals delivered by a radio frequency (RF) transceiver unit and a strapdown inertial measurement unit (IMU) are combined to realize a highly accurate navigation/localization system. The performance of this approach is evaluated by a system simulation. Mobile station (MS) motion data and WiFi range estimates are superimposed by real-world noise signals. Both sensor signals, the noisy WiFi signal and the motion signal delivered by the IMU are fused employing an extended Kalman filter (EKF). The simulation studies presented in this article show that WiFi-IMU-EKF navigation filter can achieve a significant increase in location accuracy compared to stand-alone IMU or WiFi solutions and that the integrated approach may provide a cost-effective and accurate system for many indoor location systems.
Haptics provide an effective means to improve the realism of virtual worlds. It allows a user to feel either reaction forces from virtual interactions or reaction forces reflected from a remote site during a bilateral teleoperation task. With our proposed haptic guidance method based on an incremental potential field, a user is physically guided through the ideal motion path by a haptic interfacing device, giving the subject a kinesthetic understanding of the task. This is used in our simulation of tracheal reconstruction surgery to investigate the feasibility of deploying new tracheal implants. The proposed method is also applicable for edutainment demonstrated by a simple interactive simulation with a “Rubber Duck”. Both guidance and reaction forces are modeled in our simulation system.
In this paper, a global ionospheric data assimilation model is constructed based on the empirical international-reference-ionosphere model and the Kalman filter. A sparse matrix method is used to militate the huge computation and storage problems. A series of observing system simulation experiments has been performed based on the existing global ground-based global navigation satellite system (GNSS) network, the planned Constellation Observing System for Meteorology, Ionosphere, and Climate #2/Formosa Satellite Mission #7 (COSMIC-2/FORMOSAT-7) orbits, and the real global position system and GLObal NAvigation Satellite System (GLONASS) orbits. Specifically, the COSMIC-2 will have six 24$^{circ}$ inclination satellites in 500-km altitude and six 72$^{circ}$ inclination satellites in 800-km altitude. The slant total electron content of ground-based GNSS, radio occultation and ocean reflection (OR) of 12 low-Earth-orbit satellites, and cross-link between COSMIC-2 low and high inclination satellites are simulated by the NeQuick model. The ORs show great impacts in specifying the ionosphere except over the inland area. It complements the existing ground-based GNSS network, which mainly observes the ionosphere over the land area. The 24 $^{circ}$ and 72$^{circ}$  satellites can complement each other to optimize the global ionospheric specification. The COSMIC-2 mission is expected to contribute significantly to the accurate ionospheric nowcast. Its potential ability in ionospheric short-term forecast is also discussed.
This paper proposes a decision tree (DT)-based systematic approach for cooperative online power system dynamic security assessment (DSA) and preventive control. This approach adopts a new methodology that trains two contingency-oriented DTs on a daily basis by the databases generated from power system simulations. Fed with real-time wide-area measurements, one DT of measurable variables is employed for online DSA to identify potential security issues, and the other DT of controllable variables provides online decision support on preventive control strategies against those issues. A cost-effective algorithm is adopted in this proposed approach to optimize the trajectory of preventive control. The paper also proposes an importance sampling algorithm on database preparation for efficient DT training for power systems with high penetration of wind power and distributed generation. The performance of the approach is demonstrated on a 400-bus, 200-line operational model of western Danish power system.
What you watch and when you watch say a lot about you, and such information at the aggregated level across a user population obviously provides significant insights for social and commercial applications. In this paper, we propose a model for inferring household structures based on analyzing users' viewing behaviors in Internet Protocol Television (IPTV) systems. We emphasize extracting features of viewing behaviors based on the dynamic of watching time and TV programs and training a classifier for inferring household structures according to the features. In the training phase, instead of merely using the limited labeled samples, we apply semisupervised learning strategy to obtain a graph-based model for classifying household structures from users' features. We test the proposed model on China Telecom IPTV data and demonstrate its utility in census research and system simulation. The demographic characteristics inferred by our approach match well with the population census data of Shanghai, and the inference of household structures of IPTV users gives encouraging results compared with the ground truth obtained by surveys, which opens the door for leveraging IPTV viewing data as a complementary way for time- and resource-consuming census tracking. On the other hand, the proposed model can also synthesize trace data for the simulations of IPTV systems, which provides us with a new strategy for system simulation.
The radio frequency (RF) spectrum is a limited resource. Spectrum allotment disputes stem from this scarcity as many radio devices are confined to a fixed frequency. One alternative is to incorporate reconfigurability within a cognitive radio platform, thereby enabling the radio to adapt to dynamic RF spectrum environments. In this way, the radio is able to actively observe the RF spectrum, orient itself to the current RF environment, decide on a mode of operation, and act accordingly, thereby sharing the spectrum and operating in more a flexible manner. This research presents a novel architecture for the purpose of adapting radio operation to the current RF spectrum environment. Specifically, this research makes three contributions: (1) a framework for testing and evaluating clustering algorithms in the context of cognitive radio networks, (2) a new RF spectrum map merging technique for adaptive waveform selection, with initial integration testing on a field-programmable gate array (FPGA), and (3) a novel cognitive radio network emulation framework for testing and evaluating totally-ordered multicast as a means for inter-node communication.
In this paper, a procedure for estimating the electromagnetic fields radiated far from their source based on near-field (NF) simulation is considered. The NFs radiated from the sources are modeled with the transmission-line matrix method. The so-called far fields are estimated with the help of different artificial neural networks. Comparison with results based on theoretical equations and software simulations substantiate the validity of the proposed method association.
This paper discusses the extension of electromechanical stability models of voltage source converter high voltage direct current (VSC HVDC) to multi-terminal (MTDC) systems. The paper introduces a control model with a cascaded DC voltage control at every converter that allows a two-terminal VSC HVDC system to cope with converter outages. When extended to an MTDC system, the model naturally evolves into a master-slave set-up with converters taking over the DC voltage control in case the DC voltage controlling converter fails. It is shown that the model can be used to include a voltage droop control to share the power imbalance after a contingency in the DC system amongst the converters in the system. Finally, the paper discusses two possible model reductions, in line with the assumptions made in transient stability modeling. The control algorithms and VSC HVDC systems have been implemented using both MatDyn, an open source MATLAB transient stability program, as well as the commercial power system simulation package EUROSTAG.
The next generation of the electrical power grid, called the Smart Grid, overcomes the deficiencies of the existing system using several Information and Communication Technology (ICT) mechanisms. One such mechanism is wide-area grid monitoring based on phasor measurement units (PMU). The data from these units are communicated to several applications (such as control, market brokerage, etc.) using a communication network framework called the North American Synchro-Phasor Initiative Network (NASPInet). To understand the performance and to guide design decisions of wide-area monitoring based Smart Grid applications, there is a need for a simulator that has both power system and communication system simulation capabilities. In this paper, we present a co-simulation framework developed using two existing public-domain simulators (OpenDSS and OMNET++ respectively for power systems and communication networks simulation). The former is based on continuous-time and the latter on discrete-time simulation. The proposed framework also deals with the time synchronization between these two systems. This framework has been implemented at IIT Madras for public use. A hybrid state estimation application, a voltage monitoring application and a renewable energy integration application are implemented over this framework. The results obtained from the applications verify their field correctness and also validate the correctness of the co-simulation framework.
Online laboratories are currently widely used in several educational settings, including lectures, individual or small group assignments, inquiry activities, homework and even hands-on laboratories. Usually they are proposed by teachers as additional and complementary resources, not included into the curricular activities. Moreover, for many teachers it is not clear if they are synergic to the school's hands-on laboratories, if any, or if they represent an alternative to them. The aim of this paper is to discuss an experience of integration of online laboratories (most of all interactive simulations), eBooks, other online materials and traditional books to support teachers and students in all phases of teaching. This result is the output of the co-designed with teachers and students, considering the rule of the Italian national curricula for high schools.
In this paper, two prevailing techniques for active power factor correction (PFC) including critical conduction mode control (CRM) and average current mode control (ACM) are designed and applied to a single-stage AC/DC converter with flyback structure. The operation principles, control design procedure, and control system simulation are presented. Then, a comparison between two methods is carried out in terms of three categories involving compensation quality, efficiency and economic saving as well as control design requirement. The experimental results based on a laboratory 100W prototype are provided to test the practical performance of control strategies. The results evaluate the ability of each method to improve the power factor and reduce the total harmonic distortion (THD). They show that the ACM method presents a better compensation performance than the CRM method in the same condition. However, the design requirements and the converter power level are important in the selection of appropriate control method.
As modern systems are integrating exceeding number of components for better performance and functionality, early full-system simulation tools have become essential for validating complex concurrent system interaction activities. In the past decades, many useful timing-accurate system simulation tools have been developed; however, we find that even for the most efficient techniques, more than 90% of overhead occurs when simulating shared devices, such as buses. Instead of adopting the constant-delay model that compromises accuracy or using the time-consuming precise scheduling approach, we propose in this paper an effective system activity-sensitive contention delay model that can dynamically capture runtime contention situations and system configuration changes. To verify the idea, we construct an analytical bus delay model and integrate that into a system simulation tool. The experimental results show 20 to 80 times performance improvement over the scheduling-based bus model on full-system simulations and the estimated timing difference is less than 3%.
The method of engine software simulation based on Matlab/Simulink and LabView is investigated, and the principle and the realization of engine software simulation with LabView SIT are illustrated including principle of engine simulation, engine model configuration and engine simulation running. Experimental results show that man-machine interface is good. At the same time operation is convenient, and the simulation results are obvious. This method is applied wildely in engine in-loop simulation.
Control system developed for hybrid wind diesel system (HWDS) operating as standalone power system is presented. The HWDS consists of a permanent magnet synchronous generator (PMSG) based wind turbine generation system and a diesel generation system (DGS) with synchronous machine. Control system developed for both machine side and load side power converter is simulated. A maximum power point tracking (MPPT) control system is developed and simulated for machine side power converter to track the optimum rotor shaft speed for achieving maximum power extraction through wind turbine. The transition from wind-diesel to wind-only mode of operation is simulated. A dynamic model of HWDS is developed to study the system operating behavior under standalone condition. The complete HWDS is modeled and simulated in MATLAB Simulink environment. Simulation results to validate the performance of developed control system are presented.
This paper presents a distributed battery energy storage architecture where the cells in the battery pack are decoupled from each other by connecting each cell with a lower power (smaller) DC-DC power converter. In addition to providing voltage regulation for the DC bus, these small DC-DC power converters are utilized to achieve state of charge (SOC) balancing among the cells by employing a proposed charge balancing controller that is based on energy sharing concept. As a result, no additional charge balancing circuits and controllers are needed in order to transfer charges between the cells of the battery pack. A system simulation model based on the proposed energy storage system architecture is developed in Matlab?/Simulink? in order to verify the feasibility and functionality of the proposed charge balancing controller.
The PV and wind power generation have a disadvantage of unstable power output, resulting negative impact on utility and micro grid operation. The battery energy storage system is the effective means of smoothing wind or solar power generation fluctuations. For effective regulation of power output levels and state of charge (SOC) of battery require a suitable control strategy. This paper presents the results of wind/photovoltaic (WPPV) hybrid power system simulation analysis using PSCAD to improve the smoothing problem of wind/PV/BESS hybrid power generation fluctuations.
In this paper we validate through software simulation that a Gamma probability density function (pdf) can give a very good approximation of the detected intensity of the incoherent light source. We performed two experiments, in the first experiment the pdf of 0.25 nm optical signal is measured for different photo detector's electrical bandwidth. In the second experiment the eye diagram reading is performed for the optical signal at 2.5 Gbps. Results show that the simulated pdf and computed pdf agree to very high extent. Results also show that the variance in the received signal for logic "0" is negligible, meanwhile for logic "1" the variance is very large and increases with electrical bandwidth.
The memory accesses of to days applications are non-uniformly distributed across the cache sets and as a result some sets of the cache are heavily used while some other sets remain underutilized. This paper presents CMP-SVR, an approach to dynamically increase the associativity of heavily used sets without increasing the cache size. It divides the last level cache (LLC) into two sections: normal storage (NT) and reserve storage (RT). Some number of ways (25% to 50%) from each set are reserved for RT and the remaining ways belongs to NT. The sets are divided into some groups called fellow-groups and a set can use the reserve ways of its fellow sets to increase its associativity during execution. An additional tag-array (SA-TGS) for RT has been used to make the searching easier and less expensive. SA-TGS is almost like an N-way set associative cache where its associativity depends on the number of reserve ways per set and the number of sets in a fellow-group. CMP-SVR has less storage, area and energy overhead as compared to the other techniques proposed for dynamic associativity management. Full system simulation shows on average of 8% improvement in cycles per instruction (CPI) and 28% improvement in miss-rate.
As we all know, when the light passes from air to water, there will be part of the light reflected on the surface of the water. The transmission of electrical signals in the transmission line is similar to this situation, the transmission line can be seen as the electromagnetic signal transmission medium, and characteristic impedance is an important parameter describing the medium. In this article, first we start from the definition of the TDR, then introduce the principle of the TDR test, at the same time suggest two methods of the TDR test and analyze the advantages and disadvantages of the two methods, at last give the result of the TDR test of using software simulation and hardware testing.
In this paper, the procedures for evaluating the High Voltage (132kV, 275kV and 500kV) overhead lines performance due to lightning in TNB transmission is discussed. The historical tripping data is analysed and compared from the international standard IEC 60071-1 and other utility practices. Approaches for evaluating the performance i.e. software simulations using TFlash and SIGMA SLP are part of the study. Lightning stroke data will also be shown, which will be compared with the tripping pattern. The condition of the transmission towers and Tower Footing Resistance are also very essential in determining the line performance. As conclusion, this paper will discuss and propose the method and actions for reducing OHL tripping due to lightning, thus improving the line performance.
Using millimeter wave receiving antenna array, attenuator, detector and accessory device design of millimeter wave receiving array, in order to realize the millimeter wave high power beam spot testing function. First, completed the overall design of the millimeter wave receiving array, the second focuses on the design of millimeter wave receiving antenna array. Antenna array through CST software simulation, respectively, analyzed different open forms the antenna unit, different waveguide length L of the gain, receive power and caused by the installation position offset. Through the simulation, found some useful rules for millimeter wave receiving antenna array design. To determine the size and position precision of the antenna unit, completed the millimeter wave receiving array processing.
The rapid growth in mobile and heterogeneous network has led to a massive increase in data traffic adding to the already significant challenges in network performance. Operators already face the problem that thousands of network incidents (e.g. dropped calls or packet delivery failures) remain unresolved due to the technological limitations. It is recognized that the use of network emulation/simulation test-beds are an valid approach to validate the network performance prior to rollout. This paper introduces the development of a context-aware heterogeneous network test-bed which allows network administrators to flexibly control both network topology and network traffic, as well as analyze network performance through output network events. The developed test-bed includes both open-source simulators and low-cost real life equipment. In order to demonstrate the benefit of the test-bed, cell congestion and handover use cases are implemented. SIP services are delivered over various radio network technologies including LTE, UMTS, WiMAX, GSM and WiFi. Various types of network events are provided as output for potential users, i.e. operators, network administrators, etc.
This paper proposed a control method combining fuzzy PI and fuzzy PD to implement the phase-shifted full-bridge switching power supply control. The method can meet the control demands of the object's time-varying characteristics. It does not rely on a fixed mathematical model, and it can adjust control parameters on-line. The system simulation model is built via Matlab/Simulink, and fuzzy control rules are determined. The results of simulation analysis show that the control effect using this method is better than traditional PID algorithm in switching power supply. Two-dimensional fuzzy PID controller based on FPGA has been designed, and it could effectively be applied to control of 3KW phase-shifted full-bridge switching power supply.
In this demonstration, we present the capabilities of a comprehensive cognitive radio system, CREATE-NEST. We provide hardware demonstration of a Cognitive Radio nEtworking ArchiTecturE (CREATE) over the Network Emulator Simulator Testbed (NEST). CREATE is a distributed and scalable network architecture operating without a common control channel and is equipped with cross-layer design functionalities. NEST provides plug-and-play cognitive network implementation with software-defined radios (SDRs). In this demonstration, we use eight USRP N210 radios, each running full network protocol stack and communicating with each other over multiple hops and different frequency bands. Instead of over-the-air transmissions, NEST uses RFnest (Radio Frequency Network Emulator Simulator Tool) to generate the air environment by changing channel properties digitally. We demonstrate the capability of cognitive network nodes to discover local neighborhood, sense the spectrum, estimate channels, dynamically access the spectrum, select channels, route traffic, and avoid congestion, primary users and RF interferers. We present different topology and mobility scenarios and show the cognitive radio performance (throughput, delay, energy, and overhead) with interactive GUI.
Urban development and evolution of urban agglomeration are the important parts of the urban agglomeration theory. This paper uses complex system simulation cellular automata (CA) to study the evolution of the urban agglomeration, which simulates the process of the formation of urban agglomeration. This paper mainly considers the city appearance, expansion and formation. It analyzes the extended structure of the urban agglomeration space of China and summarizes the spatial expansion mode of urban agglomeration. It refers to the driving force of urban development from the comprehensive perspective. This research extracts the indicators which affect the urban development. Then it establishes the framework of the driving force of urban development. We set the driving force of urban development as an overall value. The CA model could achieve the driving force value by simulating the urban development and verifying the feasibility of the CA model with statistical analysis of the existing urban data. Finally, we select Shanghai as an example to conduct the quantitative empirical study, and summarize the modeling trend of urban agglomeration evolution. The purpose is to propose a feasible model for further study of evolution and to provide new ideas of the urban agglomeration evolution.
This paper presents the design of a systolic processor for DNA local pairwise alignment. The main building block of the processor is a 1D array of processing elements that allows pipeline processing to reduce the execution time with respect to software tools. We aligned two sequences of 4096 nucleotides from the ABO blood group gene of human and house mouse using ModelSim-Altera to verify the hardware design. The hardware simulation results were compared with software simulation results, showing the functionality of the design. The design can only be synthesized on the targeted FPGA for processing 256 nucleotides simultaneously due to hardware limitations (ALUTs and registers), but could be implemented for aligning larger sequences by using a bigger device or FPGA arrays. The design could also be used to implement other dynamic programming algorithms by modifying the processing element.
The assessment of critical system states via intensive power system simulation is more and more common especially for stability studies. The Dynamic Security Assessment (DSA) is one way to investigate the stability of a power system by simulating different contingencies. But one is mostly missing, the models for secondary equipment. To integrate protection systems in the simulation environment, the models have to be verified and tested, if they behave like the original relay or algorithm. Petri nets are one possibility to describe the discrete-event behaviour of protection relays like pickup, trip and reset. The Petri net model can be as detailed as needed to check the behaviour of the simulation model. This article describes different Petri nets, which include also special functionalities like power swing blocking.
A novel disturbance identification method for HVDC transmission line main protection is proposed in this paper in order to prevent the mal-operation of protection caused by disturbance. The identification principle is based on the different variation trends of voltage in the cases of disturbance and fault, and this characteristic difference of voltage will be amplified in the IMF with the lowest frequency band by decomposing the voltage fault component using EMD. Thus, integration value of the selected IMF is employed as the criterion for distinguishing disturbance from fault. A ±500kV HVDC system simulation model, including detailed lightning stroke simulation model, is built in PSCAD/EMTDC. Simulation results show that the proposed disturbance identification method can distinguish disturbances from faults correctly with ultra-high-speed, providing a strong guarantee for main protection to prevent the mal-operation in the case of disturbance.
With the advent of large scale chip multiprocessors, there is growing interest in the design and analysis of on-chip networks. Full-system simulation is the most accurate way to perform such an analysis, but unfortunately it is very slow and thus limits design space exploration. To overcome this problem researchers frequently use trace-based simulation to study different network topologies and properties, which can be done much faster. Unfortunately, unless the traces that are used include information about dependencies between packets, trace-based simulations can lead one to draw incorrect conclusions about network performance metrics such as average packet latency and overall execution time. The primary contributions of this work are to demonstrate the importance of including dependency information in traces, and to present PDG_GEN, an inference-based technique for identifying and including dependencies in traces. This technique uses traces obtained from multiple full-system simulations of an application of interest to infer dependency information between packets and augment traces with this information. On the SPLASH-2 benchmark suite, PDG_GEN is 2.3 times more accurate at predicting overall execution time and almost 4,000 times more accurate at predicting average packet latency than traditional trace-based methods.
To achieve high efficiency and prevent destructive interference among multiple divergent workloads, the last-level cache of Chip Multiprocessors has to be carefully managed. Previously proposed cache management schemes suffer from inefficient cache capacity utilization, by either focusing on improving the absolute number of cache misses or by allocating cache capacity without taking into consideration the applications’ memory sharing characteristics. Reduction of the overall number of misses does not always correlate with higher performance as Memory-level Parallelism can hide the latency penalty of a significant number of misses in out-of-order execution. In this work we describe a quasi-partitioning scheme for last-level caches that combines the memory-level parallelism, cache friendliness and interference sensitivity of competing applications, to efficiently manage the shared cache capacity. The proposed scheme improves both system throughput and execution fairness—outperforming previous schemes that are oblivious to applications’ memory behavior. Our detailed, full-system simulations showed an average improvement of 10 percent in throughput and 9 percent in fairness over the next best scheme for a four-core CMP system.
Understanding energy use is critical. Although simulation is valuable, such models are simplified abstractions of actual energy systems. The authors present an energy system multimodel implemented with the Language and Platform Independent Steering (LAPIS) computational steering API. They present an adaptable framework for the integration and development of multimodel simulations. This framework enables independent development of component simulations, limits coordination overhead between developers, and allows modularity and flexibility in the overall multimodel simulation. Use case studies demonstrate the capabilities of the multimodel energy system simulation and LAPIS.
The integration of non-dispatchable generation has increased the need for ancillary services to maintain frequency control performance, and the determination of adequacy to ensure reliability has become an important operating concern. This work determines the AGC gain of a single balancing authority interconnection in order for system frequency to comply with NERC control performance standards, ensuring secondary control adequacy. The particular case of wind expansion is considered, and a simulation of ERCOT is presented to evaluate the performance of the formulation.
Inter-cell Interference coordination (ICIC) has gained much interest in the 3rd Generation Partnership Project's (3GPP's) Long Term Evolution (LTE) standardization of a new air interface. Due to the new physical layer, interference can now be predicted and avoided on a frequency basis. Such schemes are based on cell wise usage restrictions or resource preferences. After explaining the general degrees of freedom, we present an “inverted” reuse scheme for downlink and uplink and explain its advantages. This is supported by 3GPP-compliant system simulations. The question of assignment of restrictions or preferences naturally leads to a need for self-organization. For that, the concept of semi-static ICIC based on a request-grant mechanism applicable to load balancing is explained. For the static ICIC case with frequency planning, a novel and fully distributed algorithm provides optimized assignment of resource restrictions to the cells in a self-organizing way. It is capable of resolving sub-optimal aspects and comprises methods to detect and prevent possible system instabilities. The algorithms presented lead to an integrated ICIC-self-organizing network (SON) concept that can be realized in a multi-cell network solution.
In this paper, we present the design of a microwave generator using metamaterials (MTMs) in a negative index waveguide interacting with a high-power electron beam. The microwave structure is formed by inserting two MTM plates loaded with complementary split-ring-resonators (CSRRs) into a rectangular waveguide. Electromagnetic simulations using the high-frequency structure simulator code confirm the presence of a negative index TM-like mode suitable for use in a backward-wave oscillator (BWO). Particle-in-cell (PIC) simulations using the computer simulation technology (CST) Particle Studio code are performed to evaluate the efficiency of an S-Band MTM-based BWO (MTMBWO) excited by a 500 keV, 80-A electron beam. After about 250 ns, the MTMBWO reaches a saturated output power of 5.75 MW with an efficiency of 14% at a frequency near 2.6 GHz. The MTMBWO is also modeled by representing the MTM plates, which consist of CSRRs, as dielectric slabs whose effective permittivity is given by a Lorentzian model. The dielectric slab model is also simulated with the CST PIC code and shows good qualitative agreement with the simulations including the CSRR loaded plates. A cold test structure was fabricated from brass to test the theoretical predictions of the microwave transmission versus frequency of the negative index waveguide. Test results using a vector network analyzer showed very good agreement with the simulations for the excitation of the negative index TM-like mode near 2.6 GHz. The proposed structure appears to be promising for use in a MTMBWO high-power microwave generator.
We present a fast algorithm that, for a given input sequence and a linear channel code, computes the syndrome posterior probability (SPP) of the code, i.e., the probability that all parity check relations of the code are satisfied. According to this algorithm, the SPP can be computed blindly, i.e., given the soft information on a received sequence we can compute the SPP for the code without first decoding the bits. We show that the proposed scheme is efficient by investigating its computational complexity. We then consider two scenarios where our proposed SPP algorithm can be used. The first scenario is when we are interested in finding out whether a certain code was used to encode a data stream. We formulate a statistical hypothesis test and we investigate its performance. We also compare the performance of our scheme with that of an existing scheme. The second scenario deals with how we can use the algorithm for reducing the computational complexity of a blind decoding process. We propose a heuristic sequential statistical hypotheses test to use the fact that in real applications, the data arrives sequentially, and we investigate its performance using system simulations.
Real time accurate representation of electric load model is of great importance in power system simulation, control and stability studies. Composite load model made up of an induction motor in parallel with static load has been widely accepted as an appropriate structure for describing load behaviors, especially for the studies that deal with power system stability. Measurement-based composite load model is reviewed in this paper and a real time observer is proposed to estimate the load model parameters using the concept of multiple model estimation algorithm. Simulation results are provided for a composite load including IEEE type 6 motor to show the effectiveness of the proposed real time estimator. This paper is a step in the right direction toward developing accurate real time techniques for stability analysis.
The effect of numerical integration on time-domain power system simulations when evaluating the fault critical clearing time (CCT) is discussed in relation to stability and accuracy of integration methods. The specificity of CCT simulations is that the power system is close to its physical stability limits. While decreasing the time step is widely thought to be an effective measure to prevent numerical instability and ensure sufficient accuracy, it is shown that in real stability studies, numerical phenomena can be non-monotonic and cause misrepresentation of power system transient stability. For a given method, the effect depends on a combination of the loading of the generator whose CCT is evaluated and fault and network characteristics. The effect is illustrated with real-world simulation results. The paper makes recommendations on how the quality of CCT evaluation can be enhanced.
This paper introduces a new method of modeling microcontroller-based systems in a non-real-time electromagnetic transient (EMT) simulation. Presently, power electronic control system simulation relies chiefly on either simplified control block models in a non-real-time simulator or real-time hardware-in-loop simulation. Migrating control block models from the simulated design to actual microcontroller hardware requires significant additional effort. Real-time hardware-in-loop simulation requires complex interfacing using costly real-time hardware. The method described in this paper replaces control system blocks in non-real-time simulation with actual microcontroller code. The method enables both software-in-loop simulation and processor-in-loop co-simulation, eliminates the drawbacks of the simulation methods described above, and allows direct optimization of the actual controller hardware. The method is demonstrated by simulations of a three-phase ac motor controller in both software-and processor-in-loop configurations. The simulations are verified by laboratory results obtained using the tuned microcontroller hardware to implement a control system for a 3-phase ac motor.
This paper presents a power system operation optimization algorithm including VSC-HVDC (Voltage Source Converter - High-Voltage Direct Current) lines using PD-IP (primal-dual interior point) Newton-type OPF (optimal power flow). The VSC-HVDC links have the ability to exert instantaneous power control in neighboring AC systems. Moreover, the VSC-HVDC technology is fit for meeting the growing needs of the DER (distributed energy resource) connection, such as with wind power generation in power systems. The output results for the voltage and the angle are shown by the simulation for the insertion of VSC-HVDC line in the IEEE 30-bus power system. Simulations are executed by the MATPOWER (MATLAB power system simulation) tool for the optimal power flow.
When a large-scale offshore wind farm (OWF) is connected to a power system, the power quality of the connected power system can be significantly deteriorated under various operating conditions and employed parameters. This paper presents the analyzed results of voltage variations and short-circuit ratio (SCR) of Taiwan Power System connected with a large-scale OWF of 100 MW using a commercial power-system simulation software. Ten ultra-high-voltage bus of onshore substations that are close to the potential OWF are properly selected as the connection points. The voltage variations and SCR results at the connection points under different lengths of submarine cable are accomplished and analyzed when the OWF is connected to the selected buses. The simulated results can offer a reference for the development of OWFs in Taiwan in the near future.
This virtual simulation training system is a kind of generation using virtual reality technology, and it is suitable for simulation training virtual environment, it can be a true reproduction of a practical training bases or facilities, can also be a fictional world, the trainees in a virtual environment as the backing, immersed in it, for the corresponding study and training. Mainly from the following basic introduction to Java3D, introduced the system construction and implementation, three-dimensional model of 3D scene building, human-computer interaction aspects, based on the analysis and comparison of domestic and abroad collision detection algorithm, based on the characteristics of the simulation platform of three-dimensional mechanical equipment and put forward a set of collision detection scheme is applicable to such systems.
The present work is the investigation of a specific SWES. This system is designed to provide enough power for domestic use that satisfies a single household's demand and allows a certain level of autonomy. The whole work is based on simulation. Models are elaborated to simulate the power source (wind turbine), a storage battery, the electrical load and the relevant meteorological conditions, in addition to other items that are needed to represent the SWES satisfactorily. MATLAB/SEVIULINK software is used for the whole system simulation. Focus is put onto the power source and battery. The load situated in Bouzareah in Algeria is represented as a power demand that needs be satisfied. Finally, the economic analysis has resulted in the calculation of the installed total cost, kWh cost, and the actualized total cost for the wind energy source. The simulation results indicate that the coverage provided by the wind/battery system depends on the wind turbine nominal power. It depends also on the local wind speed distribution as far as the economic results are concerned. It appears that the cost of the energy produced by the wind/battery system is very high (1.2-2.5S/kWh) compared to those corresponding to conventional installations (0.4S/kWh). This, however, is not to be considered as a negative determinant factor since the local authorities plan to manufacture renewable energy equipment locally and, by doing so, cancel the effects of subsidizing the local fossil fuels on the imported machines costs, which will in turn be favorably reflected on renewable energy costs.
We present in this paper a software simulation system with interactive graphic interface for solar systems designed with Matlab-Simulink. In the first part, the system is able to model the five different types of cells / solar modules appear by the characteristics, current-voltage (I-V) and power-voltage (P-V) under different external conditions such as solar irradiance and temperature ambient and the serial resistance Rs. In the second phase of operation of the solar simulator, the system offers for users an easy choice tracking the maximum power point MPPT provided by the solar photovoltaic generator or whatever the conditions under which is the solar panel. Two algorithms are involved either in the simulation module to extract the MPPT, it is perturb and observe (P&O) and the incremental conductance (I.C). With this interactive graphic interface, this solar system software offers flexibility of use for solar professional and researchers.
The characteristic study on the buck-boost and Cuk chopper circuit has an important role for optimal design of the DC-DC converter. Therefore, based on the given parameter conditions, the two chopper circuit models are constructed using software simulation integrated environment — Simulink of MATLAB, and the circuit characteristics are discussed, such as the output voltage, the circuit current and so on, which can help better understand the characteristics of these two chopper circuits, and provide a reasonable basis for the application of the chopper circuit. The simulation results show that the Cuk circuit is a hybrid circuit, the output current & voltage ripples are very small, and the current is continuous, these characteristics are beneficial for the input, output filter.
Particle therapy system simulation framework, PTSIM, is a simulation framework based on Geant4 Monte Carlo simulation. It has been developed in the project, “Development of simulation framework for advanced radiotherapy”, funded by the Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST) in the program of Core Research for Evolutional Research and Technology (CREST), from 2003 to 2010. The PTSIM has provided a common platform to model proton and ion therapy facilities, allowing users who are not Geant4 experts to accurately and efficiently run Geant4 simulations with the pre-build configurations. Efforts on further development of PTSIM are still under way to include more functionality and improve the performance. The PTSIM has been upgraded with the extensions in the DICOM-RT interface to coordinate with hospital information system, the Web interface with universal grid environment, etc. In this paper, we report on our activities about these updates and plan for extending the PTSIM functionality with new requirements from users.
In this paper the multilevel modulation techniques of 16-Differential Amplitude Phase Shift Keying (16-DAPSK) with Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM) has been proposed with the optimum ring ratio in flat Rayleigh fading channel. By this way best Bit Error Rate (BER) performance is achieved in 16-DAPSK-OFDM systems. BER derivation and the proposed system simulation results show that optimum ring ratio is obviously different for flat Rayleigh fading channel than AWGN channel. It is concluded the proposed optimum ring ratio between [2.0, 2.6] can be a promising choice to achieve optimum BER performance for 16DAPSK-OFDM in flat Rayleigh fading channels.
Spatial Channel Models (SCM) used in wireless system simulations are determined by Large-Scale Parameters (LSP). LSPs include delay spread, shadow fading, angle of arrival and departure spread, and Rice K for line-of-sight channels. LSPs are modeled as a spatially correlated random field over the geometry of the network scenario being simulated. The general method is to generate an LSP map on a discrete lattice (or grid) and induce spatial correlation via spatial filtering as determined by the LSP's correlation distance. This step represents a large part of the simulator's computation load, which leads to the use of a coarsely spaced lattice and interpolation from nearest lattice points to arbitrary UE locations on the x-y plane. We investigate the computation vs. fidelity trade associated with LSP generation. We will show that when a coarse grid is employed, there can be significant nonstationary distortion of the LSP correlation due to the interpolation step. We investigate three different interpolators having varying correlation fidelity and computation load.
The integrated CPU/GPU architecture brings performance advantage since the communication cost between the CPU and GPU is reduced, and also imposes new challenges in processor architecture design, especially in the management of shared memory resources, e.g., the last-level cache and memory bandwidth. Therefore, a micro-architecture level simulator is essential to facilitate researches in this direction. In this paper, we develop the first cycle-level full-system simulation framework for CPU-GPU integration with detailed memory models. With the simulation framework, we analyze the communication cost between the CPU and GPU for GPU workloads, and perform memory system characterization running both applications concurrently.
This paper presents a comprehensive virtual simulation model for CNC systems. The Virtual CNC (VRCNC) has a modular architecture and the special function. It can show movement process and the result, it can also show the effect of different movement mode, the displacement, velocity and acceleration of the process, the rationality of interpolation method and the motion control method. Additional CNC modules can easily be prototyped and integrated to the VRCNC by the user. Various application examples are presented which include building of physical dynamic control model, the prediction of the displacement, velocity and acceleration of the process, and the process of secant instead of curve. It can show closed loop drive dynamics. Detailed experimental verification is presented for each algorithm.
This paper presents a design strategy that enables aggressive use of flash memory chip I/O link over-clocking in solid-state drives (SSDs) without sacrificing storage reliability. The gradual wear-out and process variation of NAND flash memory makes the worst-case oriented error correction code (ECC) in SSDs largely under-utilized most of the time. This work proposes to opportunistically leverage under-utilized error correction strength to allow error-prone flash memory I/O link over-clocking. Its rationale and key design issues are presented and studied in this paper, and its potential effectiveness has been verified through hardware experiments and system simulations. Using sub-22nm NAND flash memory chips with I/O specs of 166MBps, we carried out extensive experiments and show that the proposed design strategy can enable SSDs safely operate with error-prone I/O link running at 275MBps. Trace-driven SSD simulations over a variety of workload traces show the system read response time can be reduced by over 20%.
This paper introduces a novel end-to-end platform called PERSim that allows FPGA accelerated full-system simulation of complete programs on prototype hardware with detailed fault injection that can capture gate delays and digital logic behavior of arbitrary circuits and provides full coverage. We use PERSim and report on five case studies spanning a diverse spectrum of reliability techniques including wearout prediction/detection (FIRST, Wearmon, TRIX), transient faults, and permanent faults (Sampling-DMR). PERSim provides unprecedented capability to study these techniques quantitatively when applied to a full processor and when running complete programs. These case studies demonstrate PERSim's robustness and flexibility — such a diverse set of techniques can be studied uniformly with common metrics like area overhead, power overhead, and detection latency. PERSim provides many new insights, of which two important ones are: i) We discover an important modeling “hole” — when considering the true logic delay behavior, non-critical paths can directly transition into logic faults, rendering insufficient delay-based detection/prediction mechanisms targeted at critical paths alone. ii) When Sampling-DMR was evaluated in a real system running full applications, detection latency is orders of magnitude lower than previously reported model-based worst-case latency - 107 seconds vs. 0.84 seconds, thus dramatically strengthening Sampling-DMR's effectiveness. The framework is released open source and runs on the Zync platform.
This paper presents a universal acoustic modeling process for efficient, high-quality acoustic modeling of electrical drives. It combines the two fast and user-interactive steps system simulation and vibration synthesis. The underlying model parameters are obtained via automated offline finite-element simulations based on generic input parameters. This allows using complex electromagnetic and structural models without computation time becoming prohibitive. The approach can be applied to all types of machines, including outer rotor and transversal flux machines as well as machines with rotor or stator skew. Switching frequencies and spatial machine harmonics are routinely taken into account. Sound radiation or transfers path analyses can be added. Analytical or measured models can also be used. This makes it a universal acoustic modeling framework for electrical drives. Application examples are given for a permanent magnet synchronous machine traction drive for a hybrid electric vehicle as well as a for a switched reluctance auxiliary drive. Simulated run-up spectrograms for structure borne sound are validated against measurements and operational deflections are presented.
DC power generation for MVDC grids is in the easiest way realized by a cascade connection of a synchronous generator and a diode rectifier. Due to large peak fault currents, including oscillating transient components, it is important to know in depth the short circuit behaviour of diode rectifiers, mainly during the first moments after the fault. This is helpful to be able to perform a suitable sizing of the system and its protections. In order to obtain an accurate estimation of the transient short circuit current, models for software simulation of 6-pulse and 12-pulse DC generator systems have been implemented. This paper shows the validation of such models by the comparison of simulation results with experimental tests.
The size and number of wind turbines are due to rise dramatically. Increasing dependence on wind generation requires suitable dynamic models of doubly-fed induction generator (DFIG) that can be easily deployed in power system studies. This paper presents the multi time-scale dynamic models of DFIG implemented in the power system simulation tool DIgSILENT. The response characteristics of the detailed DFIG models during normal operation of the wind turbine and during transient grid fault events are simulated and analyzed. The simulation results show that the established model is correct and DFIG possesses good dynamic characteristics.
Simulation software is one of the crucial parts in digital signal processing education. Most of the subject relies on mathematics of digital signals that is absolutely abstract. Simulation software helps to predict and visualize the result. However most of the software available today is focused on the scientific result and usually is large and expensive that makes them hard to be integrated with lecture slides, websites or other course materials. This problem can be solved by a lightweight interactive simulation software that is much more compact but provides more convenient way of simulating fundamental concepts. This work proposes the design of block diagram style interactive simulation for digital signal processing. The work covers the algorithm and the object-oriented design of the simulation core that can be used as a backend system for any block diagram simulation software. The design can be implemented in any object-oriented programming language and provides high flexibility in applying to a frontend software. Although this work mainly focused on the algorithm idea and object-oriented designs, the prototype software has been written in c sharp programming language as a proof-of-concept with the result that, the prototyping software can work correctly according to the design.
Clock signals is the reference signal of the frequency synthesis signal acquisition and the time synchronization in the GNSS. The clock frequency abnormal state make a direct impact of signal integrity monitoring. The theoretical analysis and software simulation are the commonly way to studying on the abnormal state clock frequency signal and it's impact for GNSS system applications. In order to test and evaluate this impact, The paper designs and implements navigation clock abnormal state impersonation system. And it designs a clock abnormal impersonation emulator, based on the simulation software Mat lab and the Programmable DC Power Analyzer Agilent N6705 and high-precision adjustable bias voltage of Voltage Controlled X'tal Oscillator (VCXO). Firstly, through the Mat lab simulation to generate a specific pattern of tiny voltage control words, a particular feature of the control voltage generated by the programmable DC power analyzer, adjust the controllable bias voltage of VCXO, then the corresponding micro-controllable variation state superimposed on the main clock, so that the clock contains various abnormal state, at last using Frequency Counter SR620 to measure the output of the system to analyze the results. The simulation and experimental results show that the system can correctly emulate the output frequency clock rate of the abnormal state, including white-noise characteristics of the variable amplitude fluctuations. Furthermore the size, duration, amplitude of the above-mentioned characteristics can be controlled adjustable. The clock abnormal state impersonation emulator can be widely used in the testing and emulating of abnormal clock frequency signal for GNSS system.
The increase of complexity in power system applications makes it difficult to investigate research questions within one dedicated specific environment. This paper shows the coupling between continuous simulation of power systems and discrete-event based simulation of communication in combination with automation and control systems. By co-simulation of conventional power system simulation with communication and automation systems, the impact and dependencies of communication on the system can be investigated. A use case of a low voltage network with an on load tap changer and remote voltage control, based on network voltage measurements is presented. Results of the simulation show a different behavior of the system when taking the communication into account. Interdependency of communication and control can be assessed in a co-simulation setup. Control algorithms can be analyzed and designed with respect to communication time constraints.
This paper presents hybrid power filter (HPF) performance evaluation procedure by applying special simulation hardware for digital real-time power system simulation (RTDS). RTDS simulator enables real-time calculation of electromagnetic phenomena with calculation time step of even 1-2 μs. Special hardware makes possible of importing and exporting of electrical signals from the simulator to external equipment and therefore so called hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) testing. Such simulations provide an insight in the equipment behaviour and also the influence of this equipment to system operation. In this paper a combination of a three-phase, two-level, voltage-source converter connected in parallel with the inductor of a shunt, single-tuned, passive filter is tested. To control the active part, a proportional-resonant (PR), multi-loop controller is used. The testing has shown a remarkable usefulness of the RTDS simulator for determination of actual electrical system equipment behaviour in various system conditions.
This paper presents a comparison of the performances related to compensation and transient response of active and passive power filters when operation relies on distorted mains voltages. MATLAB/Simulink models are used. Measurements acquired with a dedicated data acquisition system provided the parameters required by the real system simulation, namely a static excitation system of a power generator group. The simulated system consists of a transformer which feeds a controlled rectifier bridge. Replacing the old auxiliary excitation generator raises two important problems: the line voltage notching due to thyristors switching and additional line current distortion. Theoretical aspects of line notching and passive and active solutions for compensation and their limitations are also discussed.
The current network emulators commonly have bad versatility and their emulation fidelity is not high. Based on the principle of network emulation, this essay designs and implements a network path quality indicators emulation system, which can be transparently series deployed on a network path and change the performance of this path. The main tasks are: achieves a "Transparent Bridge" on Windows platform, using WinPcap packet capturer, gives the quality indicators emulation algorithms and models, studies the relationships between the indicators of network quality and the emulation algorithms has been improved and optimized based on this, designs, implements and verifies the emulation system. The emulation system has good cross-platform features, it achieves the frame-level emulation in the link layer, so it has a high fidelity.
In this paper, we propose a novel hybrid Dense-Sparse Network-on-Chip (DSNOC) design that takes advantage of both dense and sparse networks. The NoC paradigm is introduced to solve the communication bottleneck and improve system scalability for multicore processors with hundreds or even thousands of cores. Dense mesh network has been used widely in NoCs due to the simplicity of the design and implementation. However the scalability of dense network can be a bottleneck in systems with high traffic volume. Sparse network has been proposed to provide higher bandwidth and better scalability than the dense network, while the size of the interconnection system becomes impractical for large systems. By combining the benefits of both networks, system performance and efficiency can be improved with a proper hybrid design. We analyse and investigate router utilization and traffic distribution of typical mesh networks. The hybrid solution is explored with theoretical analysis and implementation considerations. Experiments are performed by using a full system simulation environment. The evaluation results show that, compared with the dense network, the average network latency and energy delay product of DSNOC are improved by 10.3% and 33% respectively.
In this work we investigate the sources of error in gem5—a state-of-the-art computer simulator—by validating it against a real hardware platform: the ARM Versatile Express TC2 development board. We design a custom gem5 configuration and make several changes to the simulator itself in order to more closely match the Versatile Express TC2 board. With the modifications we make to the simulator, we are able to achieve a mean percentage runtime error of 5% and a mean absolute percentage runtime error of 13% for the SPEC CPU2006 benchmarks. For the PARSEC benchmarks we achieve a mean percentage runtime error of ?11% and ?12% for single and dual-core runs respectively, and a mean absolute percentage runtime error of 16% and 17% for single and dual-core runs respectively. While prior work typically considers only runtime accuracy, we extend our investigation to include several key microarchitectural statistics as well, showing that we can achieve accuracy within 20% on average for a majority of them. Much of this error is likely from modeling similar, but not identical components.
This paper presents Manifold, an open-source parallel simulation framework for multicore architectures. It consists of a parallel simulation kernel, a set of microarchitecture components, and an integrated library of power, thermal, reliability, and energy models. Using the components as building blocks, users can assemble multicore architecture simulation models and perform serial or parallel simulations to study the architectural and/or the physical characteristics of the models. Users can also create new components for Manifold or port existing models. Importantly, Manifold's component-based design provides the user with the ability to easily replace a component with another for efficient explorations of the design space. It also allows components to evolve independently and making it easy for simulators to incorporate new components as they become available. The distinguishing features of Manifold include i) transparent parallel execution, ii) integration of power, thermal, reliability, and energy models, iii) full system simulation, e.g., operating system and system binaries, and iv) component-based design. In this paper we provide a description of the software architecture of Manifold, and its main elements - a parallel multicore emulator front-end and a parallel component-based back-end timing model. We describe a few simulators that are built with Manifold components to illustrate its flexibility, and present test results of the scalability obtained on full-system simulation of coherent shared-memory multicore models with 16, 32, and 64 cores executing PARSEC and SPLASH-2 benchmarks.
Compute requirements are increasing rapidly in systems ranging from mobile devices to servers. These, often massively parallel architectures, put increasing requirements on memory bandwidth and latency. The memory system greatly impacts both system performance and power, and it is key to capture the complex behaviour of the DRAM controller when evaluating CPU and GPU performance. By using full-system simulation, the interactions between the system components is captured. However, traditional DRAM controller models focus on modelling interactions between the controller and the DRAM rather than the interactions with the system. Moreover, the DRAM interactions are modelled on a cycle-by-cycle basis, leading to inflexibility and poor simulation performance. In this work, we present a high-level memory controller model, specifically designed for full-system exploration of future system architectures. Our event-based model is tailored to match a contemporary controller architecture, and captures the most important DRAM timing constraints for current and emerging DRAM interfaces, e.g. DDR3, LPDDR3 and WideIO. We show how our controller leverages the open-source gem5 simulation framework, and compare it to a state-of-the-art DRAM controller simulator. Our results show that our model is 7x faster on average, while maintaining the fidelity of the simulation. To highlight the capabilities of our model, we show that it can be used to evaluate a multi-processor memory system.
Our county distribution power network neutral point grounding modes are divided into three categories: Neutral non-earthing system, neutral-point indirect earthing system and direct neutral earthing system. Neutral-point indirect earthing system is divided into neutral grounded though a resistance and neutral grounding via arc suppression coil. This article is based on the MATLAB power system simulation mode of three kind of neutral grounding modes. The MATLAB create different wave forms when the single phase to ground fault happened, which under the 10kV voltage grade in different neutral-point earthing method of in distribution network. Summed up the application ranges of three grounding modes, which under the 10kV voltage grad in power distribution network.
In view of the first-order inverted pendulum problem such as poor stability, large amount of overshoot, using RBF neural network to PID parameters self-tuning control system. This paper analyzes the RBF neural network tuning PID principles, and for an inverted pendulum system simulation. Simulation results show that the use of RBF neural network tuning PID controller adaptive ability, good quickness, good quality control.
Full system simulation is a developing methodology that aids to find the optimized configurations of system design. Huge amount of data is collected to better characterize the performance of the system. This process requires both accuracy and speed. Cycle-accurate modeling is precise but time and resource consuming. Higher abstraction level of modeling, such as transaction-level modeling, trades accuracy for speed. We propose a novel approach called "Effective-cycle Selection" to reduce redundant check of command scheduler in memory controller without affecting the functionality. Redundant checks occur in the cycles in which no command would be issued by the command scheduler. By predicting effective cycles, the proposed method diminishes redundancy and speed up simulation by up to 40% in multi-program real workloads, while introducing zero error in simulation compared to the cycle-based simulator. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first research work which leverages the redundancy of memory command scheduling to accelerate simulation.
A method is presented for the analysis of cycle slips in injection-locked oscillators. This nonlinear phenomenon gives rise to a temporal desynchronization between the injected oscillator and the input source due to noise perturbations. It involves very different time scales, so even envelope-transient based Monte Carlo analyses may suffer from high computational cost. The method presented is based on the extraction of a semi-analytical nonlinear model of the injected oscillator. This reduced order model enables an efficient stochastic analysis of this oscillator, based on the use of the associated Fokker-Planck equation in the phase probability density. The analysis allows predicting the parameter-space regions that are best protected against cycle slips. The method has been applied to an injection-locked oscillator at 5 GHz, with good agreement with commercial software simulations and measurements.
Faced with the rapid divergence of hardware used on embedded devices, there is a need for a tool that can efficiently assist with hardware/software co-design and architecture verification. Speeding up those ESL phases greatly reduces the length of development periods. To address this issue, our work implements a novel multi-granularity tracer for Android's simulator to provide ESL hardware design performance analysis and verification. In addition, we propose a flexible ESL module interface for system hardware designers to explore new hardware components via simple modules. Our work also enables software developers to identify performance bottleneck and assess software performance of new hardware components. Our case studies and experimental results show that our multi-granularity Android tracer can strip away irrelevant information to shave time off the architecture development period.
The integration of distributed generation technologies into distribution networks creates a number of technical issues. In order to analyze a grid and examine the impacts of distributed power penetration, considerations such as the dynamic behavior of powers systems that entails transient stability analysis, grid capacity and limits characterization need to be taken into account. Besides, this kind of study is very important to ensure the network's secure operation under fault incidents. Although, in the current paper, Steady State and Dynamic Analysis configurations are proposed in order to determine the allocation, maximum capacity of embedded generation that may be inhabited within a real island power system, emphasis is paid on the Dynamic Analysis configurations. In this way, it is possible to check the off-grid system's behaviour under normal operation and against several disturbances onto the grid. Geothermal plants using basic machine model such as synchronous generator, exciter and governor and Wind farms employing Doubly-fed Induction Generator (DFIG) technology were chosen throughout this research work. The adequate stability margin of the system was investigated upon the fault ride through capability and frequency response of the network elements whereas among the most critical perturbations was a three phase fault application at the connection point of the wind farm. Moreover, two different exciter models (IEET1 & EXST1) were chosen to perform open-circuit setpoint step tests and record their field voltage and terminal voltage responses after tuning application. PSS?E software simulation tool of Siemens PTI will be utilized throughout this work.
The paper addresses the impact of the most common pulsed interference countermeasure, the pulse blanking, on the data demodulation stages of the GNSS receiver. Few works in the literature deal with this aspect, taking into account not only the C/N0 drop but the impact of the coding strategy and the structure of the navigation message. In several works the structure of the navigation message is provided as a fact. The following paper investigates how some of the parameters (e.g. data rate) in Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum (DS-SS) systems could be optimized together with the pulse blanking parameters in order to improve the robustness to the interference in future evolutions of GNSS systems. After a brief general review of the DS-SS modulation, this paper will provide a description of the impact of the pulse blanking mitigation algorithm on the data demodulation performance for both un-coded and coded DS/BPSK systems. In particular, theoretical derivation of the expected Bit Error Rate (BER) will be provided. Theoretical derivation is supported by a set of fully software simulations, thanks to the use of a fully and flexible DS-BPSK system simulator developed during research activity.
Compared to the single-robot system, the multi-robot system has more advantages and a broaden application aspect, and is becoming one of the hottest topics in Robotics. Furthermore, the simulation experiment is playing an important role in multi-robot system researches. This paper makes a good analysis and conclusion of the multi-robot system simulation software status quo, with an emphasis on the several present mainstream ones and the evaluation criteria. Then, based on the characteristics and requirements of the multi-robot system simulation experiments, the 3D simulation platform is developed in the Microsoft Robotics Developer Studio, aiming to the two typical tasks - Collaborating Transportation and Formation Patrol.
Network emulation has been one of the tools of choice for conducting experiments on commodity hardware. In the absence of an easy to use optical network test-bed, researchers can significantly benefit from the availability of a flexible/programmable optical network emulation platform. Exploiting the lightweight system virtualization, which is recently supported in modern operating systems, in this work we present the architecture of a Software-Defined Network (SDN) emulation platform for transport optical networks and investigate its usage in a use-case scenario. To the best of our knowledge, this is for the first time that an SDN-based emulation platform is proposed for modeling and performance evaluation of optical networks. Coupled with recent trend of extension of SDN towards transport (optical) networks, the presented tool can facilitate the evaluation of innovative idea before actual implementations and deployments. In addition to the architecture of SONEP, a use-case scenario to evaluate the quality of transmission (QoT) of alien wavelengths in transport optical networks, along with performance results are reported in this piece of work.
The design and development process of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) is divided into different phases, where the algorithms are implemented as a model, then as software and finally as hardware. Since it is unfeasable to simulate all possible driving situations for environmental perception and interpretation algorithms, there is still a need for expensive and time-consuming real test drives of thousands of kilometers. Therefore we present a novel approach for testing and evaluation of vision-based ADAS, where reliable simulations are fused with recorded data from test drives to provide a task-specific reference model. This approach provides ground truth with much higher reliability and reproducability than real test drives and authenticity than using pure simulations and can be applied already in early steps of the design process. We illustrate the effectiveness of our approach by testing a vision-based collision mitigation system on recordings of a german highway.
In the last years the selectivity concepts, used in low voltage energy distribution networks, changed. Due to improved current limiting modern Molded Case Circuit Breakers (MCCB) are able to full fill the requirements for the Energy Selectivity. This selectivity concept causes some challenges for the switching contacts. In order to optimize the design of the breakers for such load conditions it is necessary to investigate the current limiting performance of a circuit breaker when operating stand-alone as well as when the breaker is part of a combination of breakers. We show a system simulation model for an MCCB, which is partly based on theoretical and experimental foundations. The model describes the different physical domains for current limiting circuit breakers and is connected to a model for the electrical network. This configuration enables us to investigate the let-through current for different prospective short circuit currents, the build-up of the arc voltage and the evolution of the arc power. With the model the influence of design changes and of the electrical load parameters on the short circuit switching behavior of the breaker can be analyzed. A detailed sensitivity study on the selectivity behavior of two 3-phase breakers in series connection is possible. Such a numerical model can be used for the adjustment of internal parameters of the tripping chain without spending excessive effort for prototyping and testing.
With the advancement of computational power and modeling techniques, automotive and aerospace companies are beginning to utilize highly detailed models throughout the phases of system design and development. Often these systems consist of highly coupled subsystems that span mechanical, electrical, thermal, hydraulic, and pneumatic energy domains. Highly accurate models are typically developed for each individual subsystem, but are operated in isolation, thus ignoring the coupling between subsystems. This can prevent optimal operation at the system level. For large-scale systems, utilizing high-fidelity subsystem models for entire system simulations can be computationally expensive. As a result, lower fidelity models often replace the high-fidelity models at the expense of simulation accuracy. This paper presents a methodology for dynamically changing the fidelity of component models throughout a simulation to find an optimal balance between simulation speed and accuracy. This strategy is demonstrated for a finite-volume model of a vapor compression system where the model fidelity is based on the number of volumes used for the evaporator. Switched-fidelity modeling is shown to increase simulation speed by 64% from the baseline speed of the high-fidelity model, while reducing accumulated error by 69% for secondary flow exit temperature and 76% for primary flow exit pressure from the baseline of the low-fidelity model.
A comparison between different DC motor positioning control algorithms is performed in this work. Transient responses while employing a PID controller, a cascade controller and a state-space controller are considered. LabVIEW programming environment with a suitable acquisition card and a miniature DC motor with an integrated encoder are used for experimental assessment. Calculations and control system simulations are made using Matlab. The PID controller is implemented via the predefined PID block in LabVIEW. In turn, the state-space controller is modelled by using Matlab while the accuracy of the results is confirmed experimentally using LabVIEW. The cascade controller is developed as a series of two Proportional-Integral (PI) controllers, one representing the positioning and the other the velocity loop. The obtained results allow establishing that positioning control via the state-space controller has the fastest response and the lowest settling times.
This paper proposes a measurement-based approach to optimize the inputs of Auto-Regressive with eXogenous input (ARX) model identification in large power systems. Correlation Coefficient Index (CCI) is defined in this paper and Correlation Coefficient Map (CCM) is developed for the US Eastern Interconnection (EI) to show the correlation between any two power system output measurement signals visually. This approach is verified with EI system simulation data and applied to Frequency Disturbance Recorder (FDR) measurement data to estimate system dynamic response. The verification result shows that the number of ARX model inputs can be decreased and the estimation accuracy can be ensured by using the proposed approach.
The Meta data structure stored in the flash array can be used to make addressing for the data stored in the system and to obtain the dynamic property parameters of NAND flash. The meta data structure will be reconstructed during the startup period of the solid storage system. The procedure of data reading and writing to the solid storage system can be supported by the meta data structure. The Meta data storage structure in the flash chip for persistence and the corresponding reconstruction approach for large scale flash array are researched in this paper. To make sure the effectiveness of the approach and the quickly reconstruction progress, the solid storage system architecture and storage style of meta data are both studied, and a reconstruction algorithm is presented. The totally reading and partly reconstruction approach is created by author. For the Meta data stored in the flash array, it is once loaded into RAM. When some logical area is accessed by the system, the corresponding meta structure of the area will be reconstructed. According to the software simulation and real circuit verification, the approach presented in this paper can not only accomplish startup procedure quickly, and make the meta data ready, but also the refresh of the meta data during the operation of the storage system makes less writing bandwidth and system overhead. The meta data structure and reconstruction algorithm presented in this paper can be used to large scale flash array, and the storage overhead to the storage system is lower, with fast reconstruction procedure.
The fault current division factor describes the shunting ability of the ground wires of the transmission lines or that of the neutral conductors connected to a substation ground. As the power system capacity grows rapidly in China, more substations with higher voltage classes are constructed, and the grounding grid is becoming larger and larger in area. As a result, the potential difference within the grounding grid may become more obvious and, hence, its influence on the fault current division factor cannot be ignored. This paper proposes a multiport circuit model for grounding grids with multiple grounding points to take into account the potential difference. With the help of commercially available tools for power system simulation, the model can be easily used to calculate the fault current distribution and the fault current division factor. The main factors that affect the potential difference within the grounding grid as well as the fault current division factor are analyzed. As an application, the fault current division factor of a 1000-kV ultra-high voltage substation is further calculated.
In recent grid codes for wind power integration, wind turbines are required to stay connected during grid faults even when the grid voltage drops down to zero; and also to inject reactive current in proportion to the voltage drop. However, a physical fact, instability of grid-connected converters during current injection to very low (close to zero) voltage faults, has been omitted, i.e., failed to be noticed in the previous wind power studies and grid code revisions. In this paper, the instability of grid side converters of wind turbines defined as loss of synchronism (LOS), where the wind turbines lose synchronism with the grid fundamental frequency (e.g., 50 Hz) during very deep voltage sags, is explored with its theory, analyzed and a novel stability solution based on PLL frequency is proposed; and both are verified with power system simulations and by experiments on a grid-connected converter setup.
This paper describes the development of a modern power system laboratory within a Bologna Declaration compliant curriculum at the Department of Energy and Power Systems, Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, University of Zagreb. The paper describes laboratory components and provides insight into the experiments that students are required to perform. The laboratory course is divided into three major components: power system simulations, computer simulations and high voltage. Power system simulations are performed on a miniature real-world power system that can be synchronized to the actual power system. Computer simulations are performed both on commercially available software solutions commonly used by power utilities and consulting companies, and on software tools developed at the Department of Energy and Power Systems. High voltage exercises are performed in the High Voltage Laboratory, where students are familiarized with high voltage phenomena. Results of student questionnaires collected over the previous four years are analyzed. This feedback, together with industry experts' observations and suggestions, provides the basis for improvements that are constantly introduced.
The goal of this paper is to describe the approach in designing and constructing wind power laboratory experiments for undergraduate- and graduate-level courses in power and energy systems. These are separated into basic hands-on laboratory and advanced simulation-based experiments. The basic experiments are integrated into an undergraduate course that includes topics such as the steady-state operation of induction machines, fixed-speed, and variable-speed wind turbines. Advanced experiments are integrated into a stand-alone course dedicated to wind energy and power systems. Topics include the modeling of aerodynamic, mechanical, and electrical components for each type of wind turbine along with their steady-state and dynamic operations. The experiments were originally designed at the University of Texas at Austin. Their transferability to a different laboratory platform at the University of Texas Pan American is also discussed.
We propose swarm chemistry, a new artificial chemistry framework that uses artificial swarm populations as chemical reactants. Reaction in swarm chemistry is not determined by predefined reaction rules as commonly assumed in typical artificial chemistry studies, but is spontaneously achieved by the emergence of a new spatiotemporal pattern of collective behavior through the kinetic interaction between multiple chemical species. We developed a prototype of an interactive simulation tool with which one can explore the dynamics of swarm chemistry using an interactive evolutionary method. Several preliminary results are reported to illustrate the characteristics and effectiveness of this framework, including spontaneous segregation of distinct chemical species, production and restriction of movements, and interactive design of complex biological-looking structures.
Humans possess the ability to perform complex manipulations without the need to consciously perceive detailed motion plans. When a large number of trials and tests are required for techniques such as learning by imitation and programming by demonstration, the virtual reality approach provides an effective method. Indeed, virtual environments can be built economically and quickly, and can be automatically reinitialized. In the fields of robotics and virtual reality, this has now become commonplace. Rather than imitating human actions, our focus is to develop an intuitive and interactive method based on user demonstrations to create humanlike, autonomous behavior for a virtual character or robot. Initially, a virtual character is built via real-time virtual simulation in which the user demonstrates the task by controlling the virtual agent. The necessary data (position, speed, etc.) to accomplish the task are acquired in a Cartesian space during the demonstration session. These data are then generalized off-line by using a neural network with a back-propagation algorithm. The objective is to model a function that represents the studied task, and by so doing, to adapt the agent to deal with new cases. In this study, the virtual agent is a 6-DOF arm manipulator, Kuka Kr6, and the task is to grasp a ball thrown into its workspace. Our approach is to find a minimum number of necessary demonstrations while maintaining adequate task efficiency. Moreover, the relationship between the number of dimensions of the estimated function and the number of human trials is studied, depending on the evolution of the learning system.
We consider the problem of cooperative precoder selection for interference management in a broadband cellular wireless system. The problem is posed as a sum-rate maximization problem and a solution employing distributed scheduling and precoder selection is proposed. The solution is then shown to be optimal under certain asymptotic conditions. This is also verified using system simulations.
As the number of on-chip cores increases, scalable on-chip topologies such as meshes inevitably add multiple hops to each network traversal. The best practice today is to design one-cycle routers, such that the low-load network latency between a source and destination is equal to the number of routers and links (that is, twice the hops) between them. Designers of operating systems, compilers, and cache coherence protocols often try to limit communication to within a few hops because on-chip latency is critical for their scalability. In this article, the authors propose an on-chip network called Smart (Single-cycle Multihop Asynchronous Repeated Traversal) that aims to present a single-cycle datapath all the way from the source to the destination. They do not add any additional fast physical express links in the datapath; instead, they drive the shared crossbars and links asynchronously up to multiple hops within a single cycle. They designed a router and link microarchitecture to achieve such a traversal, and a flow-control technique to arbitrate and set up multihop paths within a cycle. A place-and-route design at 45 nm achieves 11 hops within a 1-GHz cycle for paths without turns (9 hops for paths with turns). The authors observe 5 to 8 times reduction in low-load latencies across synthetic traffic patterns on an 8×8 chip multiprocessor, compared to a baseline one-cycle router network. Full-system simulations with Splash-2 and Parsec benchmarks demonstrate 27 and 52 percent reduction in runtime for private and shared level-2 designs, respectively.
With the severe spectrum shortage in conventional cellular bands, millimeter wave (mmW) frequencies between 30 and 300 GHz have been attracting growing attention as a possible candidate for next-generation micro- and picocellular wireless networks. The mmW bands offer orders of magnitude greater spectrum than current cellular allocations and enable very high-dimensional antenna arrays for further gains via beamforming and spatial multiplexing. This paper uses recent real-world measurements at 28 and 73 GHz in New York, NY, USA, to derive detailed spatial statistical models of the channels and uses these models to provide a realistic assessment of mmW micro- and picocellular networks in a dense urban deployment. Statistical models are derived for key channel parameters, including the path loss, number of spatial clusters, angular dispersion, and outage. It is found that, even in highly non-line-of-sight environments, strong signals can be detected 100–200 m from potential cell sites, potentially with multiple clusters to support spatial multiplexing. Moreover, a system simulation based on the models predicts that mmW systems can offer an order of magnitude increase in capacity over current state-of-the-art 4G cellular networks with no increase in cell density from current urban deployments.
It is known that the Aeronautical Radio Navigation Systems sharing the Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) frequency band represent a threat to the satellite-based navigation services. Distance Measuring Equipment (DME) and Tactical Air Navigation (TACAN) systems broadcast strong pulsed ranging signals within the Global Positioning System L5 and Galileo E5a frequency bands where the aviation positioning aids services are allocated. This study provides an experimental assessment of the DME/TACAN interference effect on the GNSS receivers performance in scenarios where the presence of several transmitters in view generates radio-frequency interference hard to mitigate by means of the classical solutions. In detail, analysis in terms of the receiver performance will be presented by showing the effect of the non-ideal pulse blanking on the GNSS signal quality. The optimal set-up of the mitigation process, investigated by means of a software simulation, is provided.
The optical pump-probe process in terahertz quantum cascade lasers is studied theoretically by using the open system simulation method. The emitter injection is considered and the charge neutrality in the active region is broken. We find that nonequilibrium oscillations may appear in the recovery processes. In particular, the formation of different equilibrium values of the population change after the periodic pulse pumping is observed clearly. Here, the phenomenon of multi-metastable states stems from the electron regulation by the emitter injection. Finally, we discuss the important impacts of the equilibrium stabilization time and obtain an in-depth understanding of the emitter injection.
Modern and future many-core systems represent complex architectures. The communication fabrics of these large systems heavily influence their performance and power consumption. Current simulation methodologies for evaluating networks-on-chip (NoCs) are not keeping pace with the increased complexity of our systems; architects often want to explore many different design knobs quickly. Methodologies that capture workload trends with faster simulation times are highly beneficial at early stages of architectural exploration. We propose SynFull, a synthetic traffic generation methodology that captures both application and cache coherence behaviour to rapidly evaluate NoCs. SynFull allows designers to quickly indulge in detailed performance simulations without the cost of long-running full-system simulation. By capturing a full range of application and coherence behaviour, architects can avoid the over or underdesign of the network as may occur when using traditional synthetic traffic patterns such as uniform random. SynFull has errors as low as 0.3% and provides 50× speedup on average over full-system simulation.
This paper describes the design and verification of phase lock loop (PLL) components within the framework of a front-end for digital satellite radio diversity reception. First, the functionality of the implemented PLL is described by a block diagram. Second, individual PLL components are presented and analysed. Altogether a voltage controlled oscillator (VCO), an automatic amplitude control (AAC), a buffer stage, a TSCP logic as well as a DCVSL-R high-speed by-two-divider, a multi-modulus divider (MMD), and a phase-frequency detector are developed. The frequency tuning range of the PLL is between 4.34 and 4.70 GHz and hence the VCO tuning range has to be around 4 to 5 GHz. Beyond this, the VCO's post-layout phase noise is -100.50 dBc/Hz at 1 MHz under nominal environmental conditions and the post-layout yield analysis predicts 99.773%. Additionally, the VCO and the AAC are connected. Due to that additional AAC feedback circuit, the current consumption as well as the VCO output amplitude decrease. The overall system simulation shows the settling process of the PLL for the tri-state and the five-state mode of the PFD. Finally the VCO performance is compared with other state-of-the-art LC-VCOs.
Effects of different design parameters on the performance of a hybrid city bus were studied. A system simulation model of the hybrid city bus was developed and used for studying the effects of drive motor torque and vehicle mass on vehicle performance, fuel consumption and stability during regenerative braking. Increasing the maximum torque by 60 % from the nominal value was found to improve the fuel efficiency by 8.3 % when the vehicle was driven on Braunschweig cycle. On the other hand, vehicle stability during regenerative braking was analysed to understand the influence of the braking torque on vehicle stability. This is particularly important when operating at limited traction conditions. In situations where only regenerative braking was applied, the stability was found insufficient.
Last level cache (LLC) is crucial for the performance of chip multiprocessors (CMPs), while power is a significant design concern for 3D CMPs. In this paper, we focus on the SRAM-based Non-Uniform Cache Architecture (NUCA) for 3D Multi-core Network-on-Chip (McNoC) systems. A tightly mixed SRAM NUCA for 3D mesh NoC is presented and analyzed. We evaluate the performance and network power with benchmarks based on a full system simulation framework. Experiment results on 16-core 3D NoC systems show that the tightly mixed NUCA could provide up to 31.71% and on average 5.95% performance improvement compared to a base 3D NUCA scheme. The tightly mixed 3D NUCA NoC can reduce network power consumption in 1.07%-15.74% and 9.64% on average compared to a baseline 3D NoCs. Our analysis and experimental results provide a guideline to design efficient 3D NoCs with stacking NUCA.
We present a many-core full system simulation platform and its OpenCL runtime system. The OpenCL runtime system includes an on-the-fly compiler and resource manager for the ARM-based many-core platform. Using this platform, we evaluate approaches of work-item scheduling and memory management in OpenCL memory hierarchy. Our experimental results show that scheduling work-items on a many-core system using general purpose RISC CPU should avoid per work-item context switching. Data deployment and work-item coalescing are the two keys for significant speedup.
In this paper, we propose a dual antenna technique to lessen the phase cancellation effect in an augmented ultra high frequency (UHF) radio frequency identification (RFID) system. In the augmented RFID system, a recently developed semi-passive RFID component (sensatag) has the functionality to sense the backscattering communication between a reader and a passive tag being within its proximity. This unique functionality of sensatag allows for the development of proximity-based indoor localization solutions with high localization accuracy. However, due to the phase difference between RFID reader's continuous carrier wave (CW) and tag's backscattering signal, the backscattered signal from the tag received by the sensatag could be significantly attenuated. We call this destructive effect as phase cancellation. This problem exists in passive RFID system because the RFID reader transmits CW during tag's communication. Taking advantage of the spatial diversity of dual antenna technique, the probability of phase cancellation effect could be reduced. In addition, we present an UHF RFID system simulation framework, that includes the model of the sensatag. Then we demonstrate the performance of the dual antenna technique with data obtained from computer simulation.
A Reflection Type Phase Shifter for 432 MHz is developed, based on the use of a 90° Hybrid Coupler and Varactor Diodes using software simulation tools to make the optimization.
In the motor drives working group of Cooperative Study Group on Applications of Power Electronics Simulations of IEEJ, standard models for simulation of motor drive systems are discussed. This paper provides a standard motor model of induction motor drive systems with parameters. Parameters of more than 30 induction motors have been gathered, and tendency of the parameters have been also investigated. In this paper, some simulation example are shown and compared with the experimental results.
The Dynamic Voltage Restorer (DVR) is a solution for protection of sensitive loads from voltage sags and swells. Its basic function is to inject voltages in the grid line in order to mitigate voltage sags and/or swells. Typically the controller structure for a DVR is composed by an inner current loop and an outer voltage loop. Usually a proportional or proportional integral controller is used for the current loop and a resonant controller is used for the voltage loop. This paper presents the design of a robust controller for the voltage tracking loop of a DVR that guaranties the robust stability against load parameters variation, and assures the tracking of a sinusoidal voltage waveform and the rejection of the non linear load current influence with a pre specified error. The voltage controller design is based on H8 parameter specification approach. All the performance and robustness requirements are specified and analyzed based on the frequency response plot of closed loop transfer function. The proposed controller performance is validated by using PSIM software simulation and by experiments carried out on a DVR.
This article presents concept, strategy and realization of primary power control for small hydraulic generators operating in autonomous, micro and minigrids. Based on field measurements and software simulations analysis on the current state of the art control strategies is made. A new improved active power control strategy is presented as suitable to overcome the main drawbacks of the current control schemes available. A hardware solution is realized and tested. The results obtained show that the new control strategy allows efficient use of the generated energy and offers lower harmonic distortions of the generated voltage.
The paper presents study of a drive system with matrix converter fed permanent magnet synchronous motor. In the control system is implemented a rotor-oriented vector control and a space vector modulation of output currents. The system simulation, experimental test results and comparison of both are presented. The main aim is to show a drive system with a matrix converter as an alternative solution of drive system with precise control for application in robotics.
This paper comparatively analyzes the performance of X-MAC and PW-MAC as asynchronous sensor MACs with tree-topology using virtual simulation. PW-MAC has better performance in comparison to X-MAC, but it is receiver-initiated and shows collision when data is sent to common receiver. Therefore, this study evaluates whether PW-MAC maintains better performance in tree topology having common receiver for all transmissions. The result of simulation on NS-2 showed better performance of PW-MAC than X-MAC in tree-topology.
This paper proposes a complete and free-ware EDA framework for teaching mixed-mode full-custom VLSI design. The presented set of EDA tools and associated physical design kit allows students to gain hands-on experience on ASIC design tasks covering schematic entry, both at system and circuit levels, HDL system simulation and block specification, automatic circuit optimization, PCell-based layout, DRC, LVS, parasitics extraction, post-layout simulation and tape-out. A practical VLSI design case based on a ΔΣ modulator for A/D conversion in a simple CMOS technology is supplied to illustrate the capabilities of the proposed strategy. Students can easily make use of the presented EDA environment both at laboratory and at home, since all tools are available for MS Windows and Linux platforms.
We are developing an ultrasonography training system that promises to accelerate the broader use of ultrasound imaging in healthcare. Aiming at cheaper, more efficient, and more effective ultrasound training, a key feature of our system is the real-time, interactive simulation of a 3D virtual patient that, unlike conventional, purely geometric models of the human body, includes deformable soft tissues. Since soft-tissue deformation is an important factor in the clinical practice of ultrasound imaging, our objective in this paper is to incorporate real-time interactive soft tissue mechanics simulation into our 3D patient model. To this end, we adapt and evaluate two well-known deformable model simulation methods-mass-spring-damper systems and the finite element method-and we apply these methods to the simulation of ultrasound imaging in soft tissues, obtaining promising results on a multicore laptop computer.
Model-based Systems Engineering plays a key role in the automotive industry by reducing the development costs while designing more complex controllers. Thanks to the continuous improvement of models accuracy and their computational performance, introducing system simulation in form of “in-the-loop” simulations in early stages of the development is possible. However, this is often limited by the efforts required to integrate and co-simulate heterogeneous models originating from different domains (e.g. electronic, mechanic, hybrid, etc). This work presents a standard-based integration, simulation and analysis solution leveraging the AUTomotive Open System ARchitecture (AUTOSAR) and the Functional Mockup Interface (FMI) [1] standard, and enabling a seamless transition from Model- to Software-in-the-loop simulations. Moreover, we demonstrate an accurate powertrain co-simulation based on the above-mentioned solution.
In this paper, we study the problem of limited feedback and channel aging in the context of Filter Bank Multi-Carrier (FBMC) modulation for multi-user downlink cooperation between cells. Specifically, we investigate the robustness of FBMC in downlink Coordinated Multi Point (CoMP) scenarios with respect to standard compliant feedback link and MAC related asynchronisms such as outdated channel state information, considering also different user velocities. Previous work showed that FBMC has a better packet error rate (PER) performance compared to OFDM, leading to improved throughput performance in system level simulations. These results are shown by system simulations to be robust in scenarios with limited feedback and channel aging as well. We also provide an analytical investigation.
The purpose of this paper is to improve the receiver mechanism in optical fiber communication. To elucidate the mechanism of optical fiber communication, this paper analysis transmitters and receivers and compared among different modulation patterns. Derived by mathematical formulas, this paper finds the possible promotion on receiving algorithm. Two new improved receiver mechanisms were carried out with Optisystem simulation examines. The results showed that using these two improved algorithm, can enhance the quality of optical fiber communication.
A correlation method is proposed allowing for nonlinear penalty prediction including PMD dependency for arbitrary dispersion managed WDM systems with coherent detection. Model results are confirmed by corresponding system simulations.
Air-cooled Data Centers absorb heat in central room air conditioners or air handlers and most commonly reject the heat through cooling towers to ambient air. The energy efficiency of the overall cooling system is determined by the energy efficiency of its components, its thermodynamic design and layout, and the protocol for its control, operation and its operational set points. The current work is part of an effort to develop a comprehensive analysis tool for thermodynamic modeling and analysis of such cooling systems. The tool, called Villanova Thermodynamic Analysis of Systems (VTAS), allows integration of sophisticated thermodynamic models of data center components into system layouts and then allows simulation of both steady state and transient system behavior from chip to cooling tower. This paper reports on the development of a steady-state model for a constant flow rate, counterflow mechanical draft cooling tower using a finite difference method and the subsequent synthesis of data from this model into a fast reduced order model developed using an Artificial Neural Network (ANN) approach. The outlet water temperature, moist air thermodynamic state, heat transfer, and exergy destruction are computed. By comparing the heat transfer and the exergy destruction from this model, an optimum range for the air flow rate was found for a set of inlet conditions based on the minimization of exergy destruction. An ANN model was developed using data generated from the detailed model. The ANN model is fast and accurate and is easily integrated into a system simulation code such as VTAS.
Complex system configuration problems are the problems of appropriately assigning system parameter values for optimizing some aspect of complex system performance. In this paper, we first cast complex system configuration problems as mixed-variable parameter optimization problems where mensurable system simulation responses are used for evaluation. Then we present a simulation-based ant colony optimization algorithm (sACOMV) to tackle the problems. In sACOMV the decision variables of the complex system configuration problems can be clearly declared as continuous, ordinal, or categorical and let the algorithm treat them adequately. Finally, sACOMV is tested on mixed-variable complex engineering system configuration problems. The effectiveness and robustness of sACOMV are demonstrated by the comparisons with results from the literature.
Inverter connected renewable energy sources are becoming increasingly general in micro-grids. It has brought many problems and challenges to the stability and transient of the system. Traditional constant voltage and constant frequency (CVCF) method fits for many occasions, but it can't plug and play easily because it needs communication between the micro-grid controller and energy sources. Peer to peer droop-control strategies can just solve this problem. An overview of isolated micro-grid model has been introduced firstly, then the CVCF method and two droop control strategies have been described in detail. All three control strategies are brought to the power system simulation software DigSilent PowerFactory and a comparison of them in terms of transient performance in voltage and frequency control has been made. The simulation results show that the CVCF method performs best in steady state and both two peer to peer droop-control strategies can ensure micro-grid stability in pure inverter connected system. Each strategy has its advantages as well as limitations, which depend on different occasions. Some following-up research prospects are also raised in the end of this paper.
Networked Control technology is the research focus, and it's significant and valuable to research the NCS technology applied in the building automation system. In the paper, the network data transmission of building automation system (BAS) is analyzed with the scheduling algorithm. According to the suitable scheduling algorithm, the priority of data guarantees the stability of the building automation system. Finally, according to the Truetime toolbox simulation, the application availability of scheduling algorithms is proved in building automation and control system network.
The research of networked fire control system simulation plays an important role in modern warfare. Federates of simulation systems based on High Level Architecture (HLA) have a poor reusability. In order to improve their reusability, the idea of componentization was used to divide federates into several smaller reusable modules by analyzing the internal information flow of the federates. By component technology, three types of small components which have better reusability were designed, including common components, special components and communication components. These components can be used to build a multiple complex models which can be combined with new simulation frameworks to form defense simulation systems for different attacking targets. A simulation task was designed to verify the flexibility and reusability of the designed components and to improve the function of the federates, which effectively improved development efficiency of simulation systems.
With the development of simulation technology, computer software and hardware technology, three-dimensional virtual simulation has been widely used in many fields. Based on Visual Studio2008 software platform and OpenSceneGraph three-dimensional scene rendering engine, this paper programs and achieves a process in which the moving car runs on the rough terrain in a virtual simulation environment. This paper designs the collision detection algorithm to deal with the collision problem about the car and the three-dimensional terrain. The simulation shows that the designed collision detection algorithm can obtain good results.
This paper studies the consensus-tracking based distributed fault identification (DFI) and distributed fault-tolerant control (DFTC) problems for a multi-agent system modeling by a large-scale power generator network. The objective is to enable all the agents to coordinately detect and identify the faults without losing desirable system performance. First, for the distributed fault diagnosis part, a model-based distributed state observer (DSO) is designed to obtain the residual and then a nonlinear distributed fault estimator is developed to identify the faults. By exploiting the redundancies from the distributed fault diagnosis part, a novel distributed fault-tolerant control law is proposed to enable all the agents to achieve the control goal without losing the system performance while achieving fault identification. The corresponding sufficient conditions for both DFI and DFTC are obtained using graph theory and Lyapunov analysis theory. Practical power system simulation results are provided to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods.
This paper presents modeling of a Photovoltaic (PV) module using Matlab/Simulink. The proposed model is simple, realistic, and application oriented. The model is being derived on module level as compared to cell level directly from the information provided by manufacturer data sheet for PV system simulations. The model accounts for changes in variations of both irradiance and temperature. The module proposed model is simulated and the results are compared with the datasheet projected numbers to validate model accuracy and effectiveness. The proposed model based 10 kW array, series parallel configuration of modules, is also simulated and validated. Implementation and results demonstrate simplicity and accuracy, as well as reliability of the model. Modelling concept presented in this paper can easily be extended and used in other software platforms.
Individual components of large and complex system simulations can be represented in a black-box manner by equivalent magnetic and electric surface fields on an enclosing surface. To accurately analyze the wideband behavior of such components by transient simulations, a transformation of these equivalent surface fields to the time domain is required. A novel approach to imprint frequency domain equivalent surface fields as a transient near field source in the Finite Integration Technique (FIT) is presented. Based on a rational approximation, a fast, accurate, and by construction causal state space system is constructed to describe the wideband transient near field sources.
In the nanoscale technologies, the on-chip Power Management design strategy as a part of a System on Chip is becoming extremely important. Because the value of integrated passive components are low the DC-DC converter operates at a switching frequency as high as 200 MHz. The control architecture of a fully integrated Single-Inductor Multiple-Outputs boost like converter in a CMOS 65 nm technology is presented in this paper. The DC-DC converter counts with a step-up and a step-down outputs, but it can be easily extended to more outputs. The circuit implementation of each converter's blocks and the complete system simulation results are presented in this paper.
Sensing with equal gain combining (SEGC), a novel cooperative spectrum sensing technique for cognitive radio networks, is proposed. Cognitive radios simultaneously transmit their sensing results to the fusion center (FC) over multipath fading reporting channels. The cognitive radios estimate the phases of the reporting channels and use those estimates for coherent combining of the sensing results at the FC. A global decision is made at the FC by comparing the received signal with a threshold. We obtain the global detection probabilities and secondary throughput exactly through a moment generating function approach. We verify our solution via system simulation and demonstrate that the Chernoff bound and central limit theory approximation are not tight. The cases of hard sensing and soft sensing are considered and we provide examples in which hard sensing is advantageous to soft sensing. We contrast the performance of SEGC with maximum ratio combining of the sensors' results and provide examples where the former is superior. Furthermore, we evaluate the performance of SEGC against existing orthogonal reporting techniques such as time division multiple access (TDMA). SEGC performance always dominates that of TDMA in terms of secondary throughput. We also study the impact of phase and synchronization errors and demonstrate the robustness of the SEGC technique against such imperfections.
Using of wireless sensor networks in extreme and inaccessible environments usually has energy issues of some kind. The IEEE 802.15.4 is designed in general to fulfill this requirement of low data rate ad hoc networks, i.e., a low complex system with ultralow-power consumption. Similar to all IEEE standards, however, IEEE 802.15.4 comes with many flexible variables for optimized local solution such that its beacon-enabled duty cycle mode power management mechanism. Here, we propose a novel adaptive duty cycle algorithm making maximum use of network traffic for automatically adjusting the duty cycle for minimum energy. The system simulation results show superiority of the proposed algorithm for reducing the energy consumption and increasing the throughput for comparative techniques in the literature.
As mathematical program-ming techniques and com-puter capabilities evolve, control designs are re-quired to address control problems of ever-increasing scale and complexity. A particularly promising methodology toward such a purpose is simulation-based control design (cosimulation). In cosim-ulation, the controller utilizes an op-timizer to minimize or maximize a cost function, related to system per-formance, whose optimization in-volves an iterative process of system simulation and controller redesign. The main applications, which gave a boost to the develop-ment of simulation-based designs, include decision making in manufacturing systems or operational and managerial decision support in other discrete-event pro-cesses (see [1]-[5] and references therein for monographs and survey papers). The advantages of such an approach are many. The controller design does not require any sim-plified or approximated state-space model of the actual system. Moreover, the controller is verified and evaluated using realistic conditions, including physical constraints, delays, and atypical behaviors occurring during the real-life operations of the system. Finally, the control design can be performed in a "plug and play" fashion. The notion of plug and play is that the control design is performed without a tedious and time-consuming analysis of the system properties or of the control design. Instead, the control design is directly driven by input/output data coming from the system, without requiring, for example, any knowledge of a state-space model for the system and its properties. Unfortunately, as simulation-based control design employs optimizers that are called to operate over an elaborate and complex simulation model, their efficien-cy may become problematic, especially when they are applied to large-scale systems (LSS) that involve a large number of states, control inputs, and parameters (see [6]-[10] for some recent large-scale applications). In fact, in most cases, the lac- of a mathematical model of the system to be controlled makes the gradient computation of the cost function infeasible. For this reason, gradient descent or similar methods employing Jacobian and Hessian ma-trices [11] are not implementable, and optimization is en-trusted to derivative-free optimization methods, which might show extremely slow convergence in the case of LSS.
The aim of this study is to develop a research platform for rapid prototyping of the power electronics converters for solar photovoltaic (PV) system applications. This study describes the field-programmable gate array (FPGA)-based hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) simulation of voltage source inverter (VSI) used for PV system power conversion. The PV system and inverter models are realised in simulation as part of the HIL to test the real-time functionality of the FPGA controller. The generation of switching control signals for the VSI and its interface with the PV system is developed through the Xilinx System Generator (XSG) domain. The XSG automatically generates the VHSIC hardware description language (VHDL) code using hardware description language co-simulation for generation of gating signal for modulation of the VSI. To validate the proposed approach, the sinusoidal pulse-width modulation using bipolar and unipolar switching schemes and current control method have been tested for the PV supported VSI. The proposed approach of the rapid prototype model has been designed and implemented in the laboratory through XSG and MATLAB/SIMULINK interface. Performance comparison between the software simulation and real-time HIL simulation has been demonstrated.
The paper presents a contribution to a recent vivid discussion within the microwave community regarding causality of wave propagation in metamaterials. That discussion resulted in consecutive articles [1]‥[4] published in the IEEE Microwave Magazine. In this presentation, the author builds upon his theoretical studies summarised in [4] and supplements the theory with illustrative examples of time-domain electromagnetic simulations. Participants of the MIKON conference and other parties interested in simulating the same (and more) examples themselves are encouraged to contact the author to receive a special demo version of the time-domain software simulation software serving this task.
Spacecraft Bus is regulated with switching shunt voltage regulator having photovoltaic cells as the primary source of power. This source switches between the bus loads and the shunt switch for fine control of spacecraft bus voltage. The solar cell capacitance along with inductance and resistance of the interface cable between solar cells and power conditioning unit, generates damped sinusoidal currents superimposed on the short circuit current of solar cell when shunted through switch. The peak currents of sinusoidal transients have to be considered in the selection of shunt switch in power conditioning unit. Solar Panel is a combination of series and parallel solar cells forming many strings. Hardware simulation by illuminating solar panel interfaced to a power condition unit with actual spacecraft cable length is a difficult approach. In view of this a scaled down version of solar panel (having single parallel) is illuminated with known interface cable length. This hardware simulation provides sufficient information to generate solar cell model to carry out software simulation and analyze current transients of shunt switch for the actual solar string rating.
A novel real-time virtual simulation environment capable of efficiently emulating heavy machinery with different hybrid drive trains is introduced. The target is to emulate the real system with such accuracy that the system can efficiently be used as a product development tool e.g. for dimensioning diesel-electric drive train components such as engines, motors, generators, energy storages and power electronic components.
This paper presents the design and evaluation of a tactile vocabulary to aid navigation in an underground mine. We studied different ways to construct tactile vocabularies and assessed several tactile icons for aid navigation. After trying a dozen stimuli families, we have selected tactons based on the users' ability to perceive and process them during navigation in virtual environments to design a more usable tactile interface. Then, we performed a user experiment in a virtual simulation of an emergency situation in an underground mine. The user study shows that the tactile feedback facilitated the execution of the task. Also, the perceptual adjustment of the tactile vocabulary increased its usability as well as the memorization of its signals.
This paper investigates human learning and skill performance to control an underactuated pendulum-driven capsule system within an interactive virtual simulation environment. A number of experiments is conducted with 9 participants who learned to control the capsule using a physical joystick. The results show differences in learning and skill performance among the participants. Right-handed and lefthanded participants achieve their highest trial on the opposite side of their handedness. The high learners tend to achieve great final performance whereas the moderate learners produce stable low or moderate performance. The variance of the displacements achieved appears to be a learning indicator while the high frequency of joystick oscillation at the right portion and interval gives high performance results.
This paper reports the findings of a pilot study about exploring the users' perceptions about the sense of presence when interacting with cultural heritage online exhibition in non-3D virtual simulation. Two samples of online exhibition websites were chosen as the case study. Both websites were studied based on existing qualities of virtual museums that could be able to create the sense of presence. Based on that, seven functions in online exhibition websites were identified. Think-Aloud Protocol was implemented in order to investigate whether the identified functions in online exhibitions were able to create the sense of presence. Findings had indicated that functions in online exhibitions that provide similar experience with 3D simulated environment were capable to create the sense of presence between user and the exhibition online environment.
With the extensive integration of the power and communication system, the power system gets more and more impact from communication latency, bit errors or breakout. Thus the study on hybrid system simulation for power and communication becomes more popular all over the world. This paper gives an overview of the current research projects in U.S. and Europe, and some developed simulation tools and models. Then, several methodologies of research and simulators are introduced, including Petri Nets model, modeling on single simulator, embedded simulator for hybrid system simulation, co-simulation with communication network simulator and power simulator, and Hardware-in-loop Simulation (HILS). In the end, the perspectives and challenges of hybrid system simulation are pointed out and the procedure of our research work in this field is introduced.
One of the key questions for future networks is how to efficiently transfer data traffic generated by versatile applications in heterogeneous and fast changing environments. The lesson learned from the history of the Internet is that congestion control performed by TCP can be a solution. However, due to the limitations of TCP versions a novel paradigm applying fountain code based transfer seems to be a promising alternative. In this paper we address this idea by investigating our recently developed transport protocol called Digital Fountain based Communication Protocol (DFCP). The operation of DFCP is validated on three different testing platforms including our laboratory testbed, the Emulab network emulation environment and the ns-2 network simulator. We present and discuss the results of a comprehensive performance evaluation study obtained on multiple platforms by comparing DFCP to widely used TCP versions, as well as using various network topologies and settings. The results point out that digital fountain based transport has many advantages over traditional TCP.
The large distributed interactive simulation system which based on the publish/subscribe model has considerable data, it needs to disseminate accurate data to the interested users quickly, so improving the match efficient is a very important method to solve this problem. Based on the study and comparison of current matching algorithm, we have proposed a predicate priority based event matching algorithm(hereinafter referred to as PPEM). Performance analysis and detailed experimentations are carried out to verify the effectiveness of PPEM. When the number of subscriptions is 10000, the average time of matching one event is only 22.6ms and when we change the type of data distribution or increase the number of event attribute, the average matching time of PPEM is almost unchangeable comparing with bucket and multi-dimension algorithms. All the results show that PPEM achieves high matching efficiency and also has good scalability and robustness.
Evaluating a system in real-time to test its performance has always been a challenging task. Although real-world wireless testbeds offer great value, on the other hand they are expensive in terms of hardware cost and very hard to maintain. Network simulations are synthetic environments for running representations of mathematical models. However, network emulation studies are preferred for system modeling and its evaluation in a real-time environment. In this paper, we present the design and implementation of a WiMAX emulation system. By making use of the open-source ns- 3 simulation framework, we developed an emulation system of WiMAX entities, protocols and procedures. Our approach provides the means of transferring real application data on real network between ns-3 simulation entities, and allows physical hosts to connect with the simulated WiMAX network. Thus, the proposed system offers realism and accuracy similar to that of hardware with the cost, configurability and scalability of simulation. To show the feasibility of our design, we include several validation experiments, including using real application data in the emulated environment. Through this system we ease the prototyping of technology that will bring us closer to the realization of the present and future mobile Internet.
The synthetic system composite of cyber system and physical environment is hard to be modelled. It results that the formal verification for the interacted embedded software is very complicated. Integrated three kinds of timed automata, a systematic modelling approach is proposed in this paper for the embedded system with physical environment and artificial intermediary. All cyber-physical system components including embedded program, environment and their interface are formalized into timed automata. The behavior of real-time system is modeled as formal notation effectively. Based on visual modelling and auto verification tool the system simulation and specification verification have been achieved. A case study of path traversing for automated guided vehicle is given to illustrate our approach.
A low profile microstrip dual band antenna with conductor backed coplanar waveguide (CBCPW) feed is proposed for wireless local area network (WLAN) applications. In conventional CPW feeding, the upper surface of the antenna substrate has a centre strip conductor with semi-infinite ground planes on either side. The CBCPW fed antenna has an additional metallic coating at the back side of the substrate. The extra coating not only provides mechanical support to the substrate, but also works as a heat exchanger for electronic circuits with active devices. The antenna is designed on a flame retardant woven glass reinforced epoxy resin (FR4) substrate having permittivity 4.4 and loss tangent 0.02. The proposed design has achieved dual band operation with a compact size of 20×20×1.6 mm3. The IE3D software simulation results show that the proposed antenna has a good bandwidth efficiency at 2.59/5.38 GHz and it meets the necessities of IEEE 802.11 standard.
Speed sensorless vector control is the nascent trend in variable speed industrial AC drives due to its substantial energy efficiency and robustness. The present day, independent flux and/or torque vector control of inverter fed Induction Motor (IM) need improvement in dynamic performance interms of ripple free torque and smooth flux operation. In this project a new scheme combining both flux and torque control is developed effectively and its performance during starting, steady state operation and dynamic load changing conditions is analysed by dynamic modeling of a typical three level Voltage Source Inverter (VSI) fed induction motor with an improved in Flux-Torque-Speed observer by software simulation. It is proved to be the smart alternative with performance enhancement while maintaining the drive robustness and simplicity.
In the last years, the rise in cost of fuel and the introduction of incentives from European countries led to a growth of interest for home systems that can locally produce, store and manage electric energy. In this scenario, a correct sizing, with respect to the expected consumption, of the energy production and storage devices is a key element for keeping acceptable the cost of the system. Here, we propose and describe a software simulation tool that can be used in the system design phase in order to determine, in a given range, the values of nominal power of the energy production devices (photovoltaic panels) and the values of capacity of the storage devices (battery) that satisfy basic requirements about autonomy and self-consumption. The designer can then choose among the various possible combinations of nominal power and battery capacity the one that better fits with other requirements, like e.g. that of minimizing the costs of components. The tool works by simulating energy production and flows over a given time period and under chosen external condition. Its structure basically consists of a Petri Net, in which energy production, consumption and flows are represented, in a quantized way, by the exchange of tokens. Such structure has the advantage of providing a simple, effective and intuitive way to describe the features and functionalities of the system that are of interest in the design phase. Behaviours that force autonomy and self-consumption are implemented by means of inhibitory arcs. Two series of simulations, with different discretization steps, are used in order to explore the performances of systems characterized by various combinations of nominal power and battery capacity in a range chosen by the designer. Combinations that do not satisfy specific design requirements about autonomy and self-consumption (expressed roughly as percentage of consumed energy that is locally produced and as percentage of produced energy that is locally consumed) are a- tomatically discarded.
High penetration levels of distributed solar PV power generation may lead to adverse power quality impacts. Advanced inverter control schemes have the potential to mitigate many power quality concerns. However, interactions between local closed-loop controls may lead to unintended behavior in deployed systems. To study the performance of advanced control schemes in a detailed distribution system environment, a test platform has been developed that integrates Power Hardware-in-the-Loop (PHIL) with concurrent time-series electric distribution system simulation. In the test platform, GridLAB-D, a distribution system simulation tool, runs a detailed simulation of a distribution feeder in real-time mode at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) and supplies power system parameters at a point of common coupling. At the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), a hardware inverter interacts with grid and PV simulators emulating an operational distribution system. The platform is described and initial test cases are presented.
In order to serve for the emergency management of the urban disaster prevention and reduction, various impact factors influencing the evacuation path model in time of fire were analyzed and determined, optimized dynamic model of the three-dimensional evacuation path within the building facing up to the campus personnel characteristics was constructed, the evacuation position and escape evacuation path were planned and designed, three-dimensional dynamic virtual simulation system for emergency response which can take the normal drills and actual command into consideration was developed and the demonstration analogue simulation application was conducted by taking the fire emergency in the highly crowded school building as an example and aiming at the increasingly severe problems in the emergency evacuation of the complicated building. This research can provide data verification for the virtual drill and emergency rescue in the unexpected fire in school buildings rapidly and efficiently, thus it can contribute to improve the governments' ability in treating and preventing the fire and other emergencies.
The operation of mine fire prevention technology has always been difficulties in the mine fire training, the authors apply virtual reality technology to the research and teaching of the mine fire prevention technology, develop a virtual simulation software, study different types of fires and fire-fighting mode in the virtual reality, illustrate the virtual operation design of the equipment and virtual assessment achievement of the equipment by using the high foam extinguisher operation as an example. Studies have shown that the virtual reality technology can be applied in the training and teaching of the mine fire prevention well, it is not only safe and reliable, but can achieve the expected training objectives, and reduce the cost greatly.
To fully analyze the time response of a complex system, in order to discover its critical operation points, the output waveform (under all conceivable conditions) needs to be generated. Using conventional methods as physical experiments or detailed simulations can be prohibitive from the resources point of view (time, equipment). The challenge is to generate the waveform by its numerous time samples as a function of different operating conditions described by a set of parameters. In this paper, we propose a fast to evaluate, but also accurate model that approximates the waveforms, as a reliable substitute for complex physical experiments or overwhelming system simulations. Our proposed model consists of two stages. In the first stage, a previously trained artificial neural network produces some coefficients standing for “primary” coefficients of a wavelet transform. In the second stage, an inverse wavelet transform generates all the time samples of the expected waveform, using a fusion between the “primary” coefficients and some “secondary” coefficients previously extracted from the nominal waveform in the family. The test results for a number of 100 different combinations of three waveform parameters show that our model is a reliable one, featuring high accuracy and generalization capabilities, as well as high computation speed.
In this paper, a novel simple algorithm of nonlinear load simulation is proposed. The characteristic of load simulation is very important for power electronic load (PEL). About this content, there are few articles mentioned, especially the study of nonlinear load simulation algorithm is less. So on the basis of linear load simulation algorithm introduced, this paper summarizes a kind of algorithm that is easy to be realized in engineering focusing on the implementation of nonlinear load simulation. Through software simulation and experiment, the feasibility and accuracy of the algorithm is verified.
This paper proposes a novel technique to enhance the performance of grid-based Radio Frequency (RF) fingerprint position estimation framework. First enhancement is an introduction of two overlapping grids of training signatures. As the second enhancement, the location of the testing signature is estimated to be a weighted geometric center of a set of nearest grid units whereas in a traditional grid-based RF fingerprinting only the center point of the nearest grid unit is used for determining the user location. By using the weighting-based location estimation, the accuracy of the location estimation can be improved. The performance evaluation of the enhanced RF fingerprinting algorithm was conducted by analyzing the positioning accuracy of the RF fingerprint signatures obtained from a dynamic system simulation in a heterogeneous LTE small cell environment. The performance evaluation indicates that if the interpolation is based on two nearest grid units, then a maximum of 18.8% improvement in positioning accuracy can be achieved over the conventional approach.
For a long time, ship motion and main engine propulsion system are controlled independently. Few scholars have focused on the comprehensive study of both. Moreover, there are no effective simulation platform for the integrated control. Therefore, according to the real ship bridge configuration, combining with the software simulation technology and the idea of hardware in loop simulation, the article selects some real ship physical devices to design and implement a kind of integrated control simulation system. The simulation system provides a support platform for the study of integrated control algorithm of the ship motion and main engine propulsion, and can also be applied to the teaching of the ship maneuvering training.
To resolve some bottleneck of certain missile weapon system simulation, simulating architecture, distributed simulation engine based-on HLA/RTI, simulation database management based on Oracle Berkeley DB, techniques of ocean waves synthesis based on directional spectrum and helicopter anti-submarine visual simulations are researched. The simulating result indicates that above research has great promoted the usage and deployment of certain missile weapon system.
This project is aiming to make the first steps in investigating and pushing the boundaries of real-time simulation. To that end it will focus on real-time representation of converter devices on different platforms, enabling the future coupling of prototyping controllers to power system simulation tools. The small time-step, high fidelity representation of the converter devices and the large time-step model of the grid will be carried out on RTDS Technologies, RTDS and perhaps expanding the attempt, on OPAL-RT Technologies, OPAL-RT Simulator in the future. The controller prototyping, including the converter switching strategy will be implemented on ADI's rtXand the use of other rapid controller prototyping systems will also be evaluated. This will effectively allow the exploration of the scalability and limits of such schemes. Namely, how many converters can be simulated on real-time simulation devices? How many controllers can be implemented on a prototyping platform using modern microprocessors?
In this paper,we consider interference issues arising in HetNets where the small-cells are deployed in closely-spaced clusters. Such dense deployments pose an important challenge for scaling throughput proportional to the number of cells,since inter-cell interference becomes a key bottleneck for achieving high capacity. We examine key design issues around the use of coordinated beamforming (CBF) strategies for mitigating inter-small-cell interference in such clustered layouts. In particular,we show that system planning of the sounding reference signal (SRS),along with multi-user channel estimation approaches,are critical to realize the benefits of CBF. We also develop key notions of beneficiary sets and co-operative clusters for enabling such interference mitigation in cellular networks. Through extensive and detailed system simulations,we showcase the benefits of the proposed system designs for two use cases: (1) a dense urban Micro-cellular deployment,and (2) a clustered small-cell Stadium deployment. System parameter optimization of SRS power control and co-operative cluster size are also developed. Significant capacity gains are observed for both these deployments using the proposed system design in clustered small-cell topologies.
This paper proposes a decision tree (DT) based systematic approach for cooperative online power system dynamic security assessment (DSA) and preventive control. This approach adopts a new methodology that trains two contingency oriented DTs on daily basis by the databases generated from power system simulations. Fed with real-time wide area measurements,one DT about measurable variables is employed for online DSA to identify potential security issues and the other DT about controllable variables provides online decision support on preventive control strategies against those issues. A cost effective algorithm is adopted in this proposed approach to optimize the trajectory of preventive control. The paper also proposes an importance sampling algorithm on database preparation for efficient DT training for power systems with high penetration of wind power and distributed generation. The performance of the approach is demonstrated on a 400-bus,200-line operational model of western Danish power system.
This paper addresses issues and solutions of converter modeling for system level studies. Integrated converter models are developed to model sufficient converter dynamics with accurate converter losses for system level simulations. The electrical efficiency and dynamic response of MVDC Navy shipboard distribution systems were simulated in Matlab/Simulink using the developed models.
Model reduction is a popular trend in large-scale system simulations. It is also an effective way to improve the efficiency of distribution system simulations. In this paper, the realization of state-space-based model reduction methods in EMTP-type programs is presented. The state-space model of linear time-invariant distribution network is reduced and simulated with the detailed nodal model in EMTP-type programs. The combined state-space nodal analysis algorithm is adopted as the interface between the state-space models and the nodal models. Simulations are performed to show the feasibility and validity of the proposed method, and the improvement in efficiency with the application of model reduction.
Dynamic reactive power (var) sources, e.g. SVCs and STATCOMs, can effectively mitigate fault-induced delayed voltage recovery (FIDVR) issues or even voltage collapse. However, their optimal allocation in a power grid is a complicated nonlinear optimization problem since the post-fault voltage trajectories have to be solved to check constraints on voltage responses. Thus, solvers of both nonlinear optimization and power system differential and algebraic equations (DAEs) are required. This paper proposes a new approach to optimize the sizes of dynamic var sources at candidate locations by efficiently interfacing a heuristic linear programming based searching algorithm with power system simulation software. Case studies on a 9-bus system and the IEEE 39-bus system have benchmarked the new approach with an existing representative approach and demonstrated that the new approach can quickly converge to an optimal solution.
Based on Matrix Converter-Permanent Magnet Synchronous Machine (MC-PMSM) speed regulator system simulation platform,this paper investigates the behavior and characteristics of MC-PMSM drive system under the condition of MC switch short-circuit faults. Two isolation strategies by utilizing semiconductors and high speed fuses for MC switch short-circuit faults are. Behavior of MC-PMSM drive system during fuse action time under different operating situations is explored. The feasibility of fault-tolerant operation during fuse action time is studied. Furthermore,the basic selection laws of high speed fuses and requirements of passive components of MC drive systems from the point view of short-circuit faults are also studied in the paper. Simulation results are shown to demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed isolation strategies on the simulation platform of MC-PMSM drive system.
Development and utilization of new energy sources is an important means to reduce environmental pollution and greenhouse gas emissions,including research on solar energy in the realization of large vessels is urgent need to address the issue. Based on the specific parameters of large tankers,based on the PSCAD software to build a photovoltaic power system simulation model and ship power system simulation model,and ultimately build a ship integrate solar power system simulation model . Simulation for the integration of solar power system stabilizer operation of the ship and its independent simulation results were compared. Simulation analysis of the impact of changes in the solar power system stable operation of the ship.
In order to achieve system simulation of multi-ports VSC-HVDC under all working condition,an effective model of MMC is proposed. After analyzing the characteristics of controlled and uncontrolled sub modules (SMs),a novel arm model of MMC,which is suitable for all working condition,is proposed. Combination the model of SMs and parallel calculation method,the system simulation software of multiports VSC-HVDC is developed to validate the efficiency of proposed model. The simulation results prove that the proposed model can realize fast electromagnetic transient simulation under all working condition;it can validate the control strategy under the normal condition,it can simulate the process of short-circuit DC. The effective model can be implemented to design the project of multi-ports VSC-HVDC transmission system.
In view of the trend in recent years the wide application of HVDC system,in this paper,describes the electromagnetic properties and loss calculation of permanent magnet synchronous generator with rectifier load and no-load,analysis of the influence of the rectifier load on permanent magnet motor electromagnetic properties and loss. Based on the calculation of motor losses,application of Fluent software simulation to calculate the three-dimensional distribution and find out the highest point temperature,and to determine when the load on the motor with rectifier problems,and analysis of the problems with rectifier load motor reasons.
When interior permanent synchronous motor (IPMSM) drive system operates in field-weakening control mode,the magnetic saturation and cross-coupling between d-q axis stator current easily result in the current regulators to appear saturated failure,moreover,modeling uncertainty,temperature and parameters' changes exist,the current closed-loop control is difficult to achieve precise torque control. Therefore,a novel field-weakening control scheme is proposed to achieve fault-tolerant control of saturated failure and precise torque control by voltage phase control (VPC). Then,the seamless switch criterion is set up between maximum torque per ampere (MTPA) control and field-weakening control. Finally,the system simulation researches are implemented and some conclusions are shown.
In embedded system design,there is an increasing demand for modeling techniques that can provide both accurate measurements of delay and fast simulation speed. Modeling latency effects of a cache can greatly increase accuracy of the simulation and assist developers to optimize their software. Current solutions have not succeeded in balancing three important factors: speed,accuracy and usability. In this research,we created a cache simulation module inside a well-known instruction set simulator QEMU. Our implementation can simulate various cases of cache configuration and obtain every memory access. In full system simulation,speed is kept at around 73 MIPS on a personal host computer which is close to native execution of ARM Cortex-M3(125 MIPS at 100 MHz). Compared to the widely used cache simulation tool,Valgrind,our simulator is three time faster.
The dual-frequency MPPSK-MODEM platform is a flexible one. When ranging accuracy request is low or platform is particularly affected by power limitations,the platform would perform both data transmission and range measurement with single frequency modes. In this paper,the ranging resolution of MPPSK pulse waveforms with the match filter and impacting filter processing method are discussed,respectively. Also,the selection of MPPSK modulation parameters for ranging is considered. In particular,requirements that allow for employing such special parameter values for range measurements with high accuracy and high range are investigated. Moreover,high repetition frequency (HRF) bi-phase code MPPSK pulse train based on m sequence are presented,the ranging accuracy of the proposed signal with the match filter processing method is deduced. In addition to theoretical considerations,the paper presents system simulations and measurement results of single-frequency MPPSK integrated systems,demonstrating the highperformance of ranging applications.
Based on actual parameters of main equipment in Xiangjiaba — Shanghai UHV DC transmission demonstration project,the system simulation model is established. The generating mechanism and distribution law of switching over-voltage caused by open-circuit faults in neutral busbar and metal return is studied. Meanwhile,aiming at the switching time delay of fast earthing switch,the measures to control the over-voltage is presented. The research has certain guidance to the optimization of arrester in the following UHV DC project.
We report system simulation and experimental results on enhanced transmission distance over standard single mode fiber thanks to a novel dual modulation technique that generates a wideband optical single side band orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OSSB-OFDM) signal using a low-cost,integrated,dual RF access electro-absorption modulated laser. We obtained in experimentation and by simulation a bit error rate (BER) lower than 10?3 for 11 Gb/s up to 200 km in an amplified point-to-point configuration for an optical single side band discrete multi-tone (OSSB-DMT) signal. We also experiment in simulation conventional OFDM at 25 Gb/s in point-to-multipoint architecture and we show that the transmission reach can be extended to 55 km for a BER at 10?3 thanks to the new technique we have developed and implemented.
Power hardware-in-the-loop (PHIL) is a developing simulation technology for the virtual prototyping of electrical systems,wherein switching power converters are controlled to represent the dynamic behavior of a simulated system at their power terminals. PHIL allows for advanced studies to be performed on system interactions by virtually coupling a realtime software simulation of electrical components to a physical piece of hardware through the use of an interfacing amplifier and appropriate control algorithm. Special consideration must be made in the design of a PHIL test platform to ensure that the overall system remains stable in operation and yields accurate results for both the software simulated system and the interfaced hardware under test. The contributions of this paper include the implementation of a highly stable power interface control algorithm,development of impedance based design constraints for interface amplifier design,and accuracy and stability evaluation of a simulated PHIL test platform. The resulting test platform is assessed through the PHIL simulation of a representative kilowatt-scale MVDC distribution system.
Due to its specific advantages on combining software simulations and hardware tests,power hardware-in-the-loop (PHIL) simulation is widely applied in power electronics and power system fields. In this paper,PHIL technology and the Gainesville Regional Utilities (GRU) model are employed to investigate the performance of distributed PV systems with integrated control features. The features including voltage regulation and islanding detection are accomplished by a developed unified controller. One PV inverter hardware prototype is connected to real time digital simulator (RTDS) which runs the GRU model. Under voltage violation and unintentional islanding scenarios,the inverter performance is tested and the interactions among multiple PV systems in the real utility model are explored.
This paper presents a method to model the saturation curve of power transformers and its impact to power system simulation studies. Thus,the article addresses the particularities of the proposed method (based on field measurements) compared to others found in the literature,especially the treatment of voltage signal and the residual flux. In addition,it shows a simulation study carried out in order to validate the proposed method. Finally,the authors apply the proposed procedure to obtain the saturation curve of a 150MVA power transformer during energization. From the analysis of the measurement results and simulation,it is possible to observe significant differences between the original curve (manufacturer curve) and the proposed curve.
The theoretical modeling of EHD pumping is a complex process governed by the electrostatic and hydrodynamic partial differential equations. The exact solution of these equations is quite difficult therefore,the numerical methods are used to investigate and simulate the EHD pumping. In most of the cases the numerical solution is obtained by the available simulation packages based on the finite element methods that limit the analysis with built in functions. In this paper for the first time EHD ion-drag pumping at the micro scale is simulated by using finite difference method. A user defined code is written in MATLAB and the interactive simulation patterns for electric potential,electric field,velocity field and pressure field are obtained and also compared with finite element method. It was found that the finite difference simulation is significantly in agreement that of by finite element method. The former provides more control and ease to analyze and predict the performance of ion-drag micro pumps.
system dynamics is a quantitative method used to study the complex social economic system by means of computer simulation technology. In this paper,the system dynamics was introduced to build security economic decision-making model for enterprises. With the method of system thinking,the influence factors of safety investment system are identified and the casual relationships between various factors are found to determine the internal influence mechanism that the safety investment impacts on the accident risk and economic output. Based on accident control theory and system dynamic modeling system,the system of security economic decision-making was built,including enterprise production subsystem,employee security subsystem and technology and equipment subsystem. Finally,Vensim system dynamics modeling software was used to simulate the built model. Then the proportion of enterprises' safety resource allocation was adjusted to seek for the optimal investment plan.
Emerging mobile devices are likely to adopt CPU-GPU heterogeneous architecture where an embedded GPU executes offloaded computations from the CPU as well as rendering tasks. For design space exploration of such a CPU-GPU heterogeneous architecture at the early design stage or for monitoring the dynamic system behavior of a system,it is very desirable to run the same application software on a full system simulation platform without modification. Since simulations will be performed repetitively,compromise should be made between simulation speed and timing accuracy. Since all known GPU simulators are very slow,in this paper,we propose a hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) simulation framework that integrates the CPU simulator with an existent GPU hardware. A novel interfacing mechanism between the CPU simulator and the GPU hardware is devised to guarantee functional correctness. The proposed technique maintains the timing accuracy of computation workload as much as possible with unavoidable penalty on the timing accuracy of CPU-GPU communication overhead. The proposed simulation framework is implemented with a gem5 full-system simulator and various kinds of GPGPU hardware. For a real-life scenario,we ported the Android platform to the proposed simulation framework and ran a face detection application that calls a native function via JNI. The native function can be written in CUDA or OpenCL if it will be offloaded to the GPU,or in Pthreads if it will be run on the CPU. Preliminary experiments show some use cases of the proposed simulation framework for design space exploration and dynamic behavior monitoring.
Solidification of metals continues to be a phenomenon of great interest to physicists,metallurgists,casting engineers and software developers. It is a non-linear transient phenomenon,posing a challenge in terms of modelling and analysis. This paper attempts to study heat flow within the casting,as well as from the casting to the mould,and finally obtains the temperature history of all points inside the casting. The most important instant of time is when the hottest region inside the casting is solidifying. ANSYS software has been used to obtain the last solidifying region in the casting process by performing Transient Thermal Analysis. Location of the hot spot predicted by software simulation showed good agreement with the experimental trial. It was also observed that the simulation of casting helps in obtaining optimum design of riser.
This paper compares the differences of powersystem stability before and after an offshore wind farm is connected to Taiwan Power System. A commercial power-system simulation software of DIgSILENT is properly utilized to establish the system model of simplified Taiwan Power System connected with the studied offshore wind farm. The operating points,eigenvalues,and time-domain simulations of the studied system are performed under full power-generation condition of the studied offshore wind farm. According to the steady-state and dynamic simulation results of the studied system,it is found the simplified Taiwan Power System connected with the studied offshore wind farm can be stably operated.
This paper presents the transient simulation results of an offshore wind farm connected to Taiwan Power System using a commercial power-system simulation software of PSS/E. A three-phase short-circuit fault is suddenly applied to one of the six feeders of the studied system. The simulated transient voltage variations,power fluctuations,and frequency deviations can be employed as an operation reference for a practical power system connected with different large-scale wind farms. The simulation transient results can also serve as a reference for the development of future offshore wind farms in Taiwan.
This paper describes a new structured approach for mixed-signal system simulation. Traditional pre-silicon verification follows two separate tracks: one for analog,another for digital. Our paper shows how to make the two tracks converge. We have integrated analog simulation with digital functional verification. This is the “bridge head” for true mixed-signal pre-silicon verification.
Large-scale integration of renewable energies causes a higher degree of volatility and uncertainty of power flows in the electrical transmission system in Europe,and thus a higher risk of cascading line outages possibly leading to blackouts. At the same time,the transformation of the power system into a cyber-physical system deploying evolved information and communication technology (ICT) solutions offers the opportunity to meet this challenge efficiently by intelligent control approaches instead of ample security reserves. In this paper,a novel approach for a distributed real-time coordination of power flow control is presented. For this,a multiagent system located decentrally at the substation level has been developed only relying on local measurements and interagent communication in contrast to global system models and centralized computations. Based on updated information received from neighboring agents,the agents quickly adapt to changing network situations and relieve overloads by coordinated action of power flow controlling (PFC) devices. For smoothing control behavior and for avoiding excitation of system oscillations,the extent of control actions also adapts to the severity of the network situation. For two study cases-examining the control system in the IEEE 39-bus 10-machine reference system and a large-scale model of the Western European transmission system-the performance of the multiagent system and ICT requirements is evaluated based on a co-simulation of the multiagent system and an electromechanical power system simulation.
The adoption of networked multiagent systems (MAS) has been recently proposed for the solution of the volt/var control (VVC) problem in distribution feeders. However,constraints and limitations due to the communication network,to the dynamic behavior of power system components and regulators,as well as to the measurement uncertainties of the adopted sensors need to be specifically analyzed for the design of the MAS. For this purpose,a cosimulation platform has been built by the integration of two simulation tools: 1) the electromagnetic transient program EMTP-rv;and 2) the communication network simulator Riverbed-OPNET Modeler. This paper presents the modeling and simulation of an asynchronous leaderless MAS-based approach that coordinates the reactive power outputs of a set of power compensators equipped with phasor measurement units via a shared band-limited packet-switched digital communication network. The effects of communication network latency and packet loss on the VVC performances are analyzed for two unbalanced IEEE Test feeders equipped with on-load tap changer transformers. The paper compares the results obtained by using a transmission control protocol (TCP) and a user datagram protocol (UDP),for different levels of background traffic (BT) and different packet discard ratios (PDRs) in the communication links.
For simulating cyber-physical energy systems,distinct simulation domains need to be integrated for a comprehensive analysis of the interdependent subsystems. In particular,continuous time-based power system simulation and discrete event-based simulation of information and communication technology (ICT) networks are critical for investigating future smart grids. This paper presents the novel cosimulation environment INtegrated coSimulation of Power and ICT systems for Real-time Evaluation (INSPIRE) of power and ICT systems using the high-level architecture (HLA) (IEEE Std. 1516-2010). By applying the HLA standard,the environment is extendable to other simulation domains and a variety of functionalities and models,like thermal load models and additional third-party tools. Moreover,the HLA enables computational performance by distributed execution of each simulator on its own hardware and,thus,the applicability to realistic large-scale scenarios. INSPIRE has been designed under consideration of industrial standards [IEC 61850,object linking and embedding (OLE) for process control (OPC),and the common information model (CIM) (IEC 61968/61970)] in order to enhance interoperability,and to develop and validate solutions close to practice. The simulation results underline the interdependencies of power and ICT systems,and the necessity of an integrated analysis.
Previous research efforts in mimicking the compound eye of Musca domestica,the common house fly,in hardware have primarily been focused on optical designs to achieve the fast,analog,parallel processing,and motion hyperacuity properties of the biological system. While these optical platforms have shown promising results,nearly all proposed advantages of utilizing a fly-inspired sensor have been discovered through the use of software simulation with very little or no effort being made to validate these simulations using the actual fly-inspired optics. The work presented in this paper advances the frontier of compound vision research by mimicking the core processing systems of the fly’s intermediate neural layer structure (the lamina) in hardware. The hardware designs were kept as biomimetic as possible,and the unique motion hyperacuity characteristic of Musca’s visual system was preserved in each circuit design. It will be shown that an effective light adaptation system can be designed that is both analog and parallel by directly mimicking the fly’s visual system. The proof-of-concept designs presented in this paper are an important first step in turning the novel compound optical designs of the past decade into useful sensors that can function in dynamic real-world environments.
The underfrequency load shedding (UFLS) mostly used in industry is a decentralized deterministic scheme designed to shed a prespecified amount of load after a predetermined time delay. It sheds the same amount of load from the same location irrespective of how fast the frequency drops and without consideration of the disturbance location or dip in bus voltage. Recent studies focused on adaptive UFLS,but these studies are still based on software simulation. This study presents an implementation of a real-time centralized adaptive UFLS scheme using industry-grade hardware. It estimates the amount of load to be shed based on the rate of frequency decline and distributes the load to be shed among the load buses based on the voltage dip at these buses. The UFLS in this study is implemented using a real-time digital simulator,phasor measurement units embedded in the relays,a global positioning system clock,and a synchrophasor vector processor. The load is modelled as a mixture of dynamic and static load. The implemented scheme restored the system frequency and voltage. The results emphasize its adaptability and suitability for implementation in industry.
Migration from today's power systems to future smart grids is a necessity as the energy demand continues to grow and an increasing amounts of renewable energies need to be accommodated in the grid. One of the key enablers of the smart grid is the integration of information and communication technology (ICT) into the grids in order to monitor and control power generation,distribution,and demand. Considering the close interdependence of future smart grids and communication networks,there is a need for numerical simulation to thoroughly understand the impact of the communication networks on the performance of power system dynamics,and vice versa. This paper provides an overview of available simulation techniques for smart grid communications with a focus on cosimulation frameworks and their enabling technologies. A decision tree comparing relative advantages of available cosimulation platforms and providing guidelines on how to select from them for a given application is presented. A case study analyzing agent-based shipboard smart grid protections with VPNET is presented.
For time-of-arrival-(TOA)-based indoor human tracking system, the wireless channel between human body surface and external reference node can be regarded as the source of inaccuracy. Since only the arrival time of direct path provides accurate range estimate, the nonline of sight caused by human body leads to undetectable direct path condition and thus results in a significant distance measurement error. In this paper, we measured TOA ranging error for indoor human tracking applications inside a typical office environment. A large number of TOA ranging samples was obtained and statistically analyzed. The TOA ranging error was modeled as a Gaussian random variable with the parameters, including position of target sensor, angle between human facing direction, and direction of transmitter–receiver, signal-to-noise ratio, and bandwidth of the system. As a validation of proposed model, excellent agreement has been found between empirical measurement and model-based software simulation.
The architecture in this work uses a logic-compatible CMOS process particularly suitable for embedded applications. The differential pair construct causes the read and refresh power to be independent of any process parameter including the within-die threshold voltage. The current stop feature keeps the read voltage transition low to further minimize read power. The bit cell operates in both single bit BASE2 and multi-bit BASE4 modes. An expression for the read signal was verified with bit cell simulations. These simulations also compare the performance impact of threshold voltage variance in this architecture with a standard gain cell. A DRAM bit cell array was fabricated in the XFab 180 nm CMOS process. Measured waveforms closely match theoretical results obtained from a system simulation. The silicon retention time was measured at room temperature and is greater than 150 ms in BASE2 mode and greater than 75 ms in BASE4 mode. 180 nm,25C analysis predicts 0.8 uW/Mbit refresh power at 630 MHz,the lowest in the literature. Further: the memory bit cell architecture presented here has a refresh power delay product several times lower than any other published architecture.
This paper presents the compute voltage regulator module (C-VRM), an architecture that embeds the information processing subsystem into the energy delivery subsystem for ultra-low power (ULP) platforms. The C-VRM employs multiple voltage domain stacking and core swapping to achieve high total system energy efficiency in near/sub-threshold region. Energy models for the C-VRM are derived, and employed in system simulations to compare the energy efficiency benefits of the C-VRM over a switched capacitor VRM (SC-VRM). A prototype IC incorporating a C-VRM and a SC-VRM supplying energy to an 8-tap fully folded FIR filter core is implemented in a 1.2 V, 130 nm CMOS process. Measured results indicate that the C-VRM has up to 44.8% savings in system-level energy per operation $(E_{op})$  compared to the SC-VRM system, and an efficiency  $eta$ ranging from 79% to 83% over an output voltage range of 0.52 V to 0.6 V. Measured values of the $E_{op}$ and $eta$ match those predicted by system simulations thereby validating the energy models.
The usual practice to study a large power system is through digital computer simulation. However, the impact of large scale use of small distributed generators on a power network cannot be evaluated strictly by simulation since many of these components cannot be accurately modelled. Moreover, the network complexity makes the task of practical testing on a physical network nearly impossible. This study discusses the paradigm of interfacing a real-time simulation of a power system to real-life hardware devices. This type of splitting a network into two parts and running a real-time simulation with a physical system in parallel is usually termed as power-hardware-in-the-loop (PHIL) simulation. The hardware part is driven by a voltage source converter that amplifies the signals of the simulator. In this paper, the effects of suitable control strategy on the performance of PHIL and the associated stability aspects are analysed in detail. The analyses are validated through several experimental tests using an real-time digital simulator.
Cyber physical systems (CPSs) are the systematic combination of physical processes and information and communication technology (ICT). They constitute the next generation of networked,embedded systems that explicitly consider the physical parts during their design and operations. CPS applied to the energy system leads to the possibility of more sophisticated controls,the interworking of different energy types,cooperative loads,smart factories,the interaction of markets and infrastructure,smart integration of renewable energy sources,automated and grid-friendly buildings,more knowledge about the system due to sensor networks and analytics,multiagent systems,usage of smart storage,information technology (IT) security challenges,and many other aspects of what is sometimes called smart grids.
Circuit simulation is seen by some people as a well established discipline,where there remains little or no space for improvement. Yet,no steady state and stability analysis methods are available for circuits described by a combination of analog,digital and behavioral parts. Recently,the theory necessary for development of such simulators was proposed and a circuit simulator incorporating these theoretical developments has been presented. It manages analog,digital and behavioral components,while retaining all the classical ?spice-like? features. This was possible by importing some mathematical concepts from the hybrid dynamical systems realm. Such tools represent the interface between the conventional analog world and the more contemporary digital/behavioral one. The reviewed simulation framework is appealing not only for people interested in circuit analysis and design,but for all researches and engineers working in the wider field of system simulation where the analog mixed signal concept is absolutely pervasive.
Due to the difficulties on approximating the human perception with algorithms, increasing the users Quality of Experience (QoE) in modern video services is a challenging task. But more than that, prior to estimating QoE, it is important to know how different types of network impairments actually affect the video quality. This paper takes a closer look at the relation between the network quality of service (QoS) and the video QoE degradation. Using a sophisticated network emulation environment, we benchmark a range of video types and video quality levels under controlled network conditions. Our analysis shows that, along with a number of expected situations come also some counterintuitive QoS-to-QoE conditions. We discuss ways in which a better understanding of the mutual influence between networks and video streams could lead to more efficient utilization of the Internet.
The detection and location of high impedance faults has historically been a difficult endeavor due to the low currents produced. However,the recent advent of distributed voltage monitoring devices,enabling access to fast-sampled,expansive voltage measurements throughout a distribution network,can ease this task. This paper considers the potential to use these distribution level devices to detect and locate such faults. A simulation-based method is proposed that compares a measured voltage profile,obtained from the devices,and simulated voltage profiles at various locations using a power system simulation software. The simulation locations are intelligently selected using the Golden section search and possible fault impedance values are iterated through for each location. The L1-norm is used to compare the two profiles,with the lowest error norm representing the best match — the most likely fault location and impedance.
Memcached is a technology that improves response speed of web servers by caching data on DRAMs in distributed servers. In order to achieve higher performance, memcached has been evaluated on various platforms. Among them, FPGA seems to be the most efficient platform to run memcached, and several research groups are trying to achieve higher throughput with it. However, it is difficult to utilize a large amount of memory (several dozen gigabytes) with an FPGA. Some groups are trying to solve this problem by using an embedded CPU for memory allocation and another group is employing an SSD. Unlike other approaches that try to replace memcached itself on FPGAs, our approach augments the software memcached running on the host CPU by caching its data and some operations at the FPGA-equipped network interface card (NIC) mounted on the server. The locality of memcached data enables the FPGA NIC to have a fairly high hit rate with a smaller memory. We first explore the cache parameters by software simulations and estimate the effectiveness of our approach, and then prototype a system to prove its effectiveness. Through our evaluation with YCSB, a standard key-value store (KVS) benchmarking tool, we estimate that the latency improved by an order of magnitude over software memcached running on a high performance CPU.
A reduced order linearized dynamic model for a variable speed wind farm (WF) is introduced in this paper. The individual turbine model for the WF is a two mass model and assumed to be operating under maximum power point tracking control strategy. This paper studies pitch based deloading of WF and a control scheme to emulate inertia and support primary frequency control using a dynamic linearized model. The model is linearized between the wind velocity and system frequency vs power output of farm. The model is validated against an actual nonlinear DFIG based WF simulated in Dig-SILENT Power Factory with efficient simulation performance indices. The main advantage of this reduced order model is its capability to predict dynamic frequency response and thus allows frequency response based control strategy for the WF. The savings in computational efforts are significant,with little loss of accuracy.
With the development of the smart grid combined with the fluctuating nature of electricity market,demand-side management with controllable loads has grown. This paper presents a comprehensive user interactive simulation tool based on previously proposed hardware designs of a smart home energy management system (SHEMS). The simulation focuses on implementing optimal control strategies onto predominant loads including electrical water heater (EWH),electric vehicle (EV) charging station,etc. Most importantly,this simulation provides an easy and user-friendly user interface,which allows users to customize the simulation as the situation in their daily lives. This way,the simulation results will not only show the significant amount electricity payment reduced by SHEMS,but also increase the awareness of SHEMS to the public.
The most used reference current detection methods for shunt active power filter are analyzed and compared in this article,theoretically and through simulations in MATLAB/Simulink. Some practical aspects of hardware implementation are also discussed. Measured data,acquired with a dedicated data acquisition system provides the parameters required for a non-ideal real system simulation,namely a static excitation system of a power generator group. The simulated system consists of a transformer which feeds a controlled rectifier bridge. The Matlab/Simulink models allows for testing of the reference current detection methods implementation and dealing with problems arising with distortion and unbalance of mains voltages. The comparison may be useful in future hardware implementation.
Recent works reveal a great deal of interest in the subject of wireless passive sensor for space applications. In particular,wireless passive tags can be employed during in-flight operations as well as during ground test campaigns,thanks to their robustness in extreme environments since they do not contain batteries nor any active electronic circuits. Chipless backscatter-based radio frequency identification (RFID) could be a valid alternative to surface acoustic wave (SAW) imple-mentations,especially for short-range applications like sensor monitoring aboard of satellite systems. In this work we present chipless RFIDs based on resonant substrate integrated waveguide (SIW) cavities,showing both the experimental characterization and system simulations,proving the solution feasibility for their usage on space platforms.
To mitigate the significant main memory access latency in modern chip multiprocessors,multi-level on-chip caches are used to bridge the gap by retaining frequently used data closer to the processor cores. Such dependence on the last-level cache (LLC) has motivated numerous innovations in cache management schemes. However,most prior works focus their efforts on optimizing cache miss counts experienced by applications,irrespective of the interactions between the LLC and other components in the memory hierarchy such as the main memory. This results in sub-optimal performance improvements,since reducing miss rates does not directly translate to increased IPC performance. In this paper,we show that in addition to the recency information provided by the cache replacement policy,post eviction reuse distance (PERD) and main memory access latency cost are useful to make better-informed eviction decisions at the LLC. We propose ReMAP,Reuse and Memory Access Cost aware eviction policy,that takes reuse characteristics and memory access behavior into consideration when making eviction decisions. ReMAP achieves higher performance compared to prior works. Our full-system simulation results show that ReMAP reduces the number of misses of SPEC2006 applications by as much as 13% over the baseline LRU replacement and by an average of 6.5% while MLP-aware replacement and DRRIP reduce the miss counts by ?0.7% and 5% respectively. More importantly,ReMAP achieves an average of 4.6% IPC performance gain across the SPEC2006 applications while MLP-aware replacement and DRRIP see only 1.8% and 2.3% respectively.
For special conditions pumping,in order to facilitate the measurement of energy-saving and efficient pumping efficiency motor,designed and developed in the laboratory simulation of pumping dynamic load control system using DSP data acquisition system,the motor is calculated in real time by the FFT algorithm power,combined with the PC software,the use of differential forward PID algorithm to control a DC motor to produce alternating torque load to simulate pumping motor pumping site conditions. Field test showed high accuracy system simulation can accurately measure the pumping efficiency of the motor under dynamic loads,provide an effective basis for the evaluation of pumping electrical energy has great value.
Due to problems caused by non-linear loads in a power system,a harmonic technical analysis on the hydroelectric generating units Illuchi 1 and 2 of the Electric Utility Company of Cotopaxi Province ELEPCO S.A.,Ecuador,is performed in this project by means of industrial analyzers as well as software simulation. The analysis starts from harmonic distortion measurements on the generating plants and El Calvario substation. Then,simulations are performed including non-linear loads characterized as current sources in the east zone of the studied system by using a harmonic power flow to determine the industrial load causing the current fluctuations. The maximum values of THD are in the order of 5.4% and 3% in Illuchi 1 and 2,respectively,that are above the recommended values of IEEE Std. 519-1992. Based on these results and determined the cause,filters for 5th and 7th harmonic according to the IEEE Std. 1531-2003 are designed.
This paper presents the control strategy of the permanent magnet synchronous generator (PMSG) destined to Raz Blanchard's tidal turbine application. Used PMSG presents a rated power of 2 MW connected to a tidal turbine with a radius of 10 m. The produced energy is injected in electrical grid with line to line RSM voltage of 20kV-50Hz. The used converter for energy management is based on back-to-back configuration. Proposed control strategies are implemented in Matlab/Simulink software for system simulations. The simulations are done using the tidal current magnitude obtained from hydrodynamic model,and obtained results are presented and analyzed.
This paper presents a research project that has the challenge of manipulating a prosthetic hand in a virtual simulation environment using a natural interface based on a BCI (Brain Computer Interface),which should propose a new paradigm for the manipulation of a prosthetic hand. The information provided by encephalographic (EEG) signals captured from an Emotiv? headset is used for the manipulation of a virtual hand prosthesis. This system has fourteen electrodes distributed over the skull of the user,who after a training phase can produce simple commands through the manufacturer's software. Finally,this research presents the results obtained so far,where the user's encephalographic signals move a virtual hand built in the computer (using free software tools as Qt and VTK). It is expected that the user can train and reproduce various grasps such as cylindrical,spherical and pincer grasp in the virtual hand.
The large-scale IP network is the foundation running environment for network based information system. In this paper,we combined with the mechanisms and technologies of virtualization based large-scale IP network emulation environment,discussed the marked effects of configuration and optimization in large-scale IP network emulation. The architecture and optimization of configuration are proposed,includes IP address planning,route protocol configuration and network character parameter settings. In the end,the performance of configured large-scale IP network is examined and analyzed by simulation experiments. The result shows the marked improvement in performance of configured network.
A production-system simulation model for manufacturing cost of a permanent-magnet based rotor,analyzing the influence of uncertain parameters by utilizing the Monte Carlo method. The uncertain parameters studied include investment and bill of materials costs as well as cycle time. The resulting influence of these uncertainties are presented for each case individually,as well as all possible combinations,giving seven total cases studied. Cutting tool costs over a range of batch sizes show that investment uncertainty has rapidly declining impact even within fairly low batch sizes. BOM cost variations,especially for the permanent magnets maintain a sizeable influence over the range of batch sizes. The Weibull distribution based model for permanent magnet insertion shows that profit margins derived from point based nominal data is not reliable for pricing of manual production processes. The presented approach is useful both for decision making regarding new production,as well as pricing in competitive markets with narrow margins.
We present a novel heterogeneous on-chip interconnect,concentrated-sparse mesh,suitable for high efficiency multicore architectures. The topology is implemented by taking the advantages of both concentrated mesh and sparse mesh networks. The object of the proposed heterogeneous network is to improve performance of the system when running real applications with self-similar,hot-spot and bursty traffic. While regular mesh network has been used widely in on-chip interconnect,concentrated mesh improves average network latency by reducing the number of intermediate network resources. However with high traffic requirements,the limited network bandwidth leads to congestion and performance bottleneck. On the other hand,sparse mesh improves network bandwidth by increasing the number of routers and links,therefore the network can process more hot-spot and bursty traffic than regular and concentrated mesh networks. The weakness of sparse mesh is that,with low traffic injection,the network latency of packets can be higher than other networks. Furthermore the size of the interconnect can become unrealistic for large systems. The proposed heterogeneous interconnect utilizes two networks for processing different traffic. We explore and discuss traffic injection behaviour of several applications. The heterogeneous network is analyzed in details. We investigate a routing algorithm and a mapping algorithm designed for the proposed network. Comparative results are provided by using a full system simulation environment. Results demonstrate that the proposed interconnect improves the average network latency and energy delay product by 15.7% and 44.7%,respectively,compared with regular mesh network.
This paper presents performance comparisons of systems based on Radio over Fiber (RoF) links with an intensity modulation-direct detection technique (IM-DD). Measurement and simulation results on systems using direct and external modulations with a MB-OFDM signal are presented. The first band group of the centimeter-wave ultra wideband with a 16 QAM advanced modulation format and a data rate of 480 Mb/s is used to validate system simulation. The error vector magnitude (EVM) and the bit error rate (BER) for digital modulated signals enable to quantify the quality of the received signal. The system simulations are performed with developed equivalent electrical models of optoelectronic components. These models including noise and nonlinearity are validated with static/dynamic responses and noise measurements. Global system simulation is achieved by a co-simulation method in ADS combining envelope simulator and data flow controller for digital signals.
Integrated Modular Avionics (IMA) system is modular and with ability of reconfiguration,however its reliability model and analysis is complex. In this paper,a modeling and simulation method was designed upon the principle of the technology of Stateflow to analyze its mission reliability. At First,IMA system fault logic process is discussed considering reconfiguration strategy when lower layer module is broken down. Then,system simulation model is put forth with assumption of exponential distribution which lower layer module fault time obeys to simulate system mission failure time by Monte Carlo method. Finally,design and simulation process in a simplified IMA system is provided and the validity and rationality of the method is validated by the result.
In today's electricity market,the power supply enterprises have to face power quality problems. The reducing of power system frequency threaten the safety of power grids. At this time,we have to use the Under Frequency Load Shedding(Hereinafter referred to as the UFLS) device to remove partial load,to restore the system frequency within the level of security. UFLS device,therefore,the correct action or not is directly related to the safe and stable operation of the power grid. Based on Matlab/Simulink,we set up a simulation model to simulate and analyze the process of UFLS of single machine and interconnected system with module (PSB) and State Flow. Using State Flow in power system simulation is not used in the former scientific research. This subject verifies the validity of the logic action of State Flow using on the power system simulation.
PSS/E is a power system simulation and analysis software commonly used by operational department,which is mostly applied to analyze single case based on artificial operation mode model. PSS/E application mode that API secondary development is used to simulate and control full physical model is proposed in this paper. Full model of power grid is automatically created based on CIM/E model file that exported from D5000,and the secondary development interface is used to calculate PSS/E flow and to achieve continuous process simulation for power grid. Data exchange to D5000 is obtained base on standard communication protocol. Key modules such as API secondary development,simulation model generation and simulation base on API interface in application process are described. Finally,actual simulation environment is set up using D5000 system of East China Power Grid,and the simulation results were verified.
The sandbox exercise technology is used in the military field early,on microfilm military topography sandbox system,by repeatedly deduction,strategy and tactics problems can be found on both sides,so the combat capability of the commander can be improved. With the development of the power system,the size of interconnected power system is increasing,power network operation modes is more complex,to analysis and calculate power network stability is more and more difficult,power network stability analysis has special analysis calculation software. However,the development of software support of power system operation mode needs to be more perfect,in particular,convenience in operation mode setting,operation modes change process verification tool,and intelligent comprehensive analysis and evaluation for operation modes are still relatively backward. The main routine work of power system computing and analysis is to check operation mode and operation mode adjustment,the two process is the interactive process: the result of operation mode check is fed back to relevant staffs,directly or indirectly,the next suggestion is provided;relevant staff can also once adjust several operation modes,then the several operation modes is checked in bulk,the remaining work is just to collect results,report writing. This paper will analyse sandbox exercise technology for stability analysis of power system;each basic calculation module is used synthetically,the target operation mode or weak points of the current operating mode can be achieved by artificially repeated automatic deduction or automatic deduction from the sandbox exercise system quickly,automation of operating mode of adjustment and calibration is improved significantly. The sand table exercise technology for power system simulation is based on digital simulation and visual display,so sandbox-style grid analysis operations and show is achieved,the most intuitive services form is provided for dispatchers- comprehensive assessment techniques of sand table exercise system can provide quick calculation of public support automation tool,including automatic seek the power system safe operation limits technology,technology-assisted analysis grid stability,etc. The sand table exercise visualization and interactive technology can provide monitors,large-screen systems,large or small size touch screen display and other types of interactive tools,and interactive operation mode setting and the visual safety assessment results can be achieved.
In the situation of partition grid splitting,frequency greatly deviates from the rated value. The impact of correcting the fundamental frequency parameters with the changing frequency during the electromechanical transient simulation is analyzed. For engineering application needs,a possible program that fundamental frequency parameters are corrected discretely to obtain better results is proposed,and the feasibility of the program is verified by a test system simulation. Finally,result comparison of correcting the fundamental frequency parameters or not is done by HuaDong partition grid splitting simulation.
In this paper,we proposed a novel single feed circularly polarized (CP) microstrip antenna with a I-shaped slot. By means of I-shaped slot technique,good axial ratio is obtained. In addition,to reduce the antenna size,four slits were cut on the patch. The optimal parameters of proposed antenna in this paper are achieved through HFSS software simulation. The results of simulation show that the proposed miniaturized CP antenna has an impedance bandwidth (return loss ≤10dB) get to 100 MHz (2.4–2.5 GHz),the 3dB axial ratio bandwidth get to 20 MHz (2.44–2.46 GHz),and the axial gain level get to 6.43 dBi.
This paper implements a full electromagnetic transient (EMT) micro-grid model based on a distribution system to show the possibility of evolving actual distribution systems to micro-grids platform. Due to necessity of different studies for a micro-grid,the success of this evolution depends on feasibility of performing complete studies using the platform. Micro-grid studies include power flow,fault analysis,harmonics,stability and other dynamic analyses. The proposed EMT model can lead researchers to achieve this goal. This paper provides the solution of some of the challenges that the developer of the EMT model faces and shows results of typical studies that can be done using this platform.
Although the low voltage ride through (LVRT) capability is no longer a difficulty for most of the existing wind turbines,the low voltage operation characteristics of different wind turbines and reactive power compensation devices varies a lot. The LVRT capability test result of a single wind turbine is not equal to the performance of a whole wind farm during gird fault,especially when the wind farm is considerably large or the grid is weak. As a result,the influence factors on the low voltage performance of large wind farms need to be studied. In this paper,electromechanical transient simulation models of doubly fed induction generator (DFIG) wind turbine and direct-driven permanent magnet synchronous generator (D-PMSG) wind turbine were built in power system simulation software DIgSILENT/PowerFactory. The accuracy of the models was validated by comparing simulation results with test results. On the basis of the validated models,a 100MW wind farm was modelled with DFIG and PMSG wind turbines respectively,and the LVRT performance was compared. The interrelationship between the control characteristics of reactive power compensation devices and the overvoltage after fault clearance was analyzed. It is concluded that,when grid fault occurs,the reactive power characteristics and the overvoltage ride through capability of wind turbines as well as the behavior of the reactive power compensation devices are important factors that may affect the LVRT capability of a wind farm.
In the grid-connected microgrid system,each DGs connected to distribution system with maximum output power,ignoring the problem of reactive power control,may cause voltage beyond limits. From microgrid influence on power quality of distribution system,voltage model is established based on microgrid system output voltage deviation minimum,and power loss minimum,and active power-reactive power output ratio optimal for target function,use particle swarm optimization algorithm on system for active — reactive power optimization,propose the solution for guarantee system voltage power quality,no extra reactive power compensator entered. Finally,the IEEE14 node system simulation,and PSACD simulation results show the effective of this solution.
Owing to limited capacity of fossil fuel resources,renewable sources of energy such as solar and wind are attracting interests as an alternative. Meanwhile,hybrid systems suggest better reliability and efficiency due to variety in weather condition. In this paper an optimum design of a stand-alone hybrid PV-wind-battery is represented using Imperialist Competitive Algorithm (ICA). The final goal of the paper is minimization the proposed system total cost during the project lifetime by considering supplying the load. For this purpose,cost function of PV,wind and battery are derived by deliberating local power demand,solar radiation,wind speed and site temperature data. After that the total cost of the system is optimized by Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) and ICA A comparison between the two methods is provided and benefits of ICA are highlighted. Finally,the effect of changing optimization's parameter is debated.
Nowadays,aircraft power supply system develops towards multi-electrical direction and digital simulation technology has been widely used. How to rapidly and accurately evaluate the simulation model plays an important role in improving its quality and needs further investigation. In this paper,simulation and evaluation models of aircraft power supply system was studied. Firstly,performance parameters and standards assessing power supply system were confirmed based on GJB181A-2003. A platform evaluating aircraft power supply system was built by means of LabVIEW software. Then,a power supply system simulation model using Simulink platform was built to validate designed evaluation model. Finally,physical prototype test and assessment test of the simulation model verified the feasibility and effectiveness of this evaluation model.
In the process of aircraft development,we need to verify the Electrical Management System (UMS) on condition monitoring and control functions of each subsystem digitization,as well as the system management automation. For the subsystem power subsystem requires UMS achieve its AC and DC power supply subsystem bus bar,ground power,battery,rectifier unit and emergency DC generators and other equipment for condition monitoring and fault alarms. In the case of the power supply subsystem actual hardware is not installed,we need to develop a power supply system simulation exciter to completely simulate AC power subsystem,DC power supply subsystem,emergency DC power system,the function of the battery system,AC/DC power distribution system and the interface with UMS,this simulation can real-time monitor the power supply network state,to be able to implant failure information,can record and playback the working state of the power supply system,it is verify UMS for the control of the power supply subsystem,monitoring function. In this paper,the structure and function of the hardware and software are detailed described,with a corresponding software test,as well as verifying the software for each board hardware control and data acquisition functions,and finally introduces the development of the main problems encountered in the process of the system and the key technology. Actual results had shown that the system can effectively monitor and control electrical and mechanical verification management system[4].
To deal with the current high demand for the much more complex satellite control system with high precision,the requirements for the control algorithm become more and more critical. This paper targeted at satellite systems with cameras that capture targets. By simplifying the derivation of the Kane equations,Five-axis satellite dynamic model with flexible appendage impacts is drawn,then modeling CMGs to be the implementing agency for this satellite,adding integration module,whole system simulation model is got. This paper studies the optimizing parameters of sliding mode controller by BP neural network for satellite attitude control and the effect and precision can be greatly improved. It is verified that the intelligent algorithm applied to the parameters optimization of traditional controller can be used in satellite attitude control.
This paper discusses changing requirements for tap changer controllers in distribution grids with high penetration of renewable generation. Furthermore,a new tap changer controller approach based on a power flow dependent voltage set point curve using hysteresis is introduced. This novel concept is simulated and compared to conventional as well as alternative tap changer controller algorithms by power system simulation.
The partial element equivalent circuit (PEEC) method has been widely used in different industrial and scientific fields for electromagnetic analysis. PEEC-based solvers have been optimized and accelerated in order to be able to solve larger and more complex problems that arise in industry. In power electronic system simulations,PEEC models are often simplified by neglecting electric field couplings and using quasi-static model. The simplified system can be further accelerated using reluctance technique and then sparsified up to high levels without degrading the accuracy of the solution. In previous work,the sparse system was solved using sparse direct solution,while in this study,an iterative approach is employed which resulted in lower time complexity of the solution. However,since matrices achieved from PEEC equations are severely ill-conditioned,regularization techniques need to be applied to avoid numerical instabilities. The regularization is done mathematically and can be interpreted as adding a frequency-dependent pseudocapacitor to each node in the PEEC model. Because the pseudocapacitors are frequency dependent,hence frequencies close to dc are not covered in this study and have left as future work. The new sparse and regularized system can then be solved using a Schur complement technique together with iterative solvers with a novel preconditioning approach.
In this study,a power factor (PF) control for an AC–DC boost converter operating in light load condition has been presented. A passivity-based current control able to operate in either continuous conduction mode (CCM) and in discontinuous conduction mode has been implemented. A voltage proportional integral-based control with input feed-forward has been implemented in order to increase PF and regulate the DC output. A current observer,suitable for both operating modes has been adopted in order to eliminate the need for expensive current sensor. The proposed mixed conduction mode control scheme has been numerically tested using a powerful software simulation platform and compared with classical CCM control scheme. Experimental tests have been finally performed on a real boost converter controlled by a Texas Instruments microcontroller in order to validate the results and to prove the feasibility of the algorithm.
For long-distance operation of high-temperature superconducting (HTS) cables,evaluations of heat transfer and fluid flow dynamics of liquid nitrogen $(mbox{LN}_{2} )$ flowing in the HTS cable is important. However,the $mbox{LN}_{2} $ flow is complicated when the cable core is positioned at an eccentric position to the center of the cryostat pipe. A computer simulation analysis is effective in evaluating these characteristics with the complicated $mbox{LN}_{2} $ flow. In the computer simulation analysis,design of an appropriate simulation model,which is considering the cable configuration and $mbox{LN}_{2} $ flow conditions,is necessary. In this paper,at first,the accuracy of the computer simulation model was evaluated by comparison of the theoretical arithmetic analysis model for a simplified cable configuration,which is assumed that the cable core is positioned at the center. As a result,the value of computer simulation analysis showed a good agreement with that of the theoretical analysis. Then,using this computer simulation model,the effects of the eccentric arrangement on the pressure drops and the temperature rise of the flowing $mbox{LN}_{2} $ were simulated. As a result,the pressure drop of the eccentric configuration became to about two-third as compared with that of the central core configuration,and no significant temperature difference of the HTS conductor of each configuration was confirmed.
Rising uncertainties associated with climate change compel forest management planning to include forest ecosystem simulations. The output of such models is often of high spatio-temporal complexity and difficult to interpret for the user. This contribution describes a novel visualization method called four-dimensional (4-D) statistical surfaces,which aims at improving the visual detection of change in time series. The method visualizes attribute values as surfaces,which are interpolated and animated over time;the interactive attribute surfaces are combined with color-coding and contour lines to support absolute and relative height judgment as well as faster perception and better location of change. A design study and prototypical implementation of the visualization method is described in this contribution. Time-series simulation results of LANDIS-II,a commonly used modeling tool in forest ecology,as well as a temporal vegetation index dataset (NDVI) are visualized using 4-D statistical surfaces. Usability challenges are addressed based on explorative interviews with a small group of users. The method is not limited to ecological model output;it can be used to create three-dimensional (3-D) temporal animations of arbitrary time-series datasets where parameters are supplied in regular raster format.
Games,computer animations and three-dimensional interactive simulations have required the use of realistic and faster than ever before broad phase collision detection algorithms. In this work,we compare the performance of four broad phase algorithms implemented on CPU and GPU,using four different test scenarios. More specifically,one of them is a new GPU-based algorithm that we have developed in the Bullet library using CUDA,and the other three remaining implementations are CPU-based algorithms available in the same library. The experimental results show that the heterogeneous algorithm is competitive when compared to some robust methods available in Bullet,particularly in scenes with a large number of objects whose movements are complex and unpredictable. We believe that initiatives like this,which explore solutions for new implementations of collision algorithms running on GPU and operating asynchronously with the CPU,are extremely important and useful for game designers,especially in the area of digital games based on Physics,considering there are other elements of the animation,e.g.,sound and artificial intelligence,which can thus be executed during the broad phase calculation.
In this paper,we applied two methods of process mining techniques (from Discovery class/approach) in order to extract knowledge from event logs recorded by an online information system. The event log was created via information received from an online proceedings review system in Thailand. Accordingly,Alpha and Heuristic algorithms were used with the objective of automatically visualizing the models in terms of Petri nets and animated simulations. The paper eventually aimed at improving the handling of online reviews by providing techniques and tools for discovering process,control,data,organizational,and social structures from the created event log.
Multilayer feedforward networks are related to functional groups of neurons where information is transmitted from one group to the next. It is a generic framework to characterize the properties of spiking activities in propagation. In this paper,we designed a novelty structure of feedforward network on FPGA to propagate the synchronous spiking activities. The experiment results demonstrate that the hardware implemented feedforward network can achieve the same synchronized states as the results of software simulation and show the high performance of FPGA implementation. The implementation of the feedforward network using one of the Altera Stratix III series FPGA boards is presented.
This paper presents analysis and experiments for Forward Neural Networks (FNN) modeling based on software simulation. First,we illustrate this modeling method in detail. Then the algorithm flow charts of four learning algorithms,including Back Propagation (BP),Modified BP (MBP),Davidon Least Square based algorithm and Damping Least Square based algorithm are given. In addition,a simulation software for training and testing FNN is developed using these algorithms. In the last,we compare and analyze the performance of these four algorithms based on simulation experimental results.
In this paper,we introduce a Web-based visual analytics framework for democratizing advanced visualization and analysis capabilities pertinent to large-scale earth system simulations. We address significant limitations of present climate data analysis tools such as tightly coupled dependencies,inefficient data movements,complex user interfaces,and static visualizations. Our Web-based visual analytics framework removes critical barriers to the widespread accessibility and adoption of advanced scientific techniques. Using distributed connections to back-end diagnostics,we minimize data movements and leverage HPC platforms. We also mitigate system dependency issues by employing a RESTful interface. Our framework embraces the visual analytics paradigm via new visual navigation techniques for hierarchical parameter spaces,multi-scale representations,and interactive spatio-temporal data mining methods that retain details. Although generalizable to other science domains,the current work focuses on improving exploratory analysis of large-scale Community Land Model (CLM) and Community Atmosphere Model (CAM) simulations.
Rand Model Designer (RMD) is a modeling environment that supports Model Vision Language,an object-oriented modeling language for hybrid-DAE systems. Model Vision Language allows describing the continuous-time part of the model combining the use of equations (i.e.,a causal modeling) and sequences of assignment statements. The hybrid behavior is described using behavior charts (B-chart). A B-chart is a diagram consisting of modes,transitions internal to the modes and transitions between modes. The activity of the mode is specified by a local class (the so-called activity class of the mode) that describes the system structure and behavior while in this mode. The system of equations that describes the complete model at certain time is automatically built by RMD at run time. Every time a transition takes place (i.e.,the model structure changes),RMD constructs the mathematical description of the actual model,eliminates the redundant variables and trivial equations resulting from component connections,analyzes the model solvability and structure,selects the best-suited numerical method and generates the input to this numerical method. This approach provides high flexibility in the description of variable structure models. This feature is demonstrated using variable structure models arisen in two different applications. The first application is the run-time change in the selection of the model state variables. Support for several selections of the state variables is typically required in interactive simulations. The second application is the description of systems with variable behavior. The model of an industrial boiler is used to illustrate the description of this type of variable structure models.
We present a novel approach for design of manufacturing automation systems with formal verification of selected properties based on the use of Globally Asynchronous Locally Synchronous programming language SystemJ and industrial-proof verification tools. By being able to prove properties of the automation control logic that consists of multiple concurrent controllers,represented by FSMs that correspond to asynchronous processes of SystemJ program,using Spin model checker,we demonstrate that the program features can be formally verified. Moreover,by also guaranteeing preservation of features and GALS model of the SystemJ program after compilation (correct by construction specification),we actually close the design process within What You Prove Is What You Execute (WYPIWYE) Paradigm.
SystemVerilog and SystemC are extensively used for design and Verification in VLSI industry. This paper propose a method to combine SystemVerilog and SystemC code in a single hardware/software simulation which allows design teams to leverage abstract representations of system function as it increases system simulations speed. Both languages interoperate through an intermediate layer of abstraction known as Transaction Level Models (TLMs). This paper develops Universal Verification Methodology (UVM) TLM environment for SV and SC communication in the system modeling.
A tool for battery system virtual prototyping based on an empirical model and a database has been developed. Battery cell characteristics are gathered and correlated with specific scaling laws,then used to build a battery pack meeting a set of target requirements. The corresponding pack model is then created to be used in a system simulation platform to evaluate the vehicle behavior with prototyped virtual battery pack. The methodology has been applied and validated in two test cases: Li-ion cell sizing and EV pack sizing.
-Automotive high voltage components are developed and tested independently regardless to the system they are implemented in. The first system test is not performed before all components are implemented in a real car setup. This paper describes a modelling and simulation method to verify the intra system compatibility of each component to ensure their proper operation regarding control loop stability and EMC within the high voltage grid. The models used are gained from real component measurements to create a black-box equivalent containing sufficient information for a system simulation without requesting too much information which is under supplier's intellectual property.
In the paper an idea to apply evolutionary computation method with dedicated fitness function in dynamic system simulation and positioning is presented. Dedicated evolutionary system's efficiency in simulation,optimization and positioning of examined object is discussed. Presented experiments show common duty as well as extensive,overloading and dangerous situations at work. Research results are presented to discuss applied method.
This paper outlines the possibilities for improving the quality in physics teaching by the use of apps on iPads. In order to find out whether apps with interactive simulations,feature for displaying readouts and with augmented reality content support pupils in achieving their learning goals,the author carried out surveys among students of two classes at the BG/BRG Schwechat. iPads show their advantages in the context of blended learning sequences: the devices are instantly ready to use and allow pure haptic interaction with the content. Moreover,iPads are devices which interact with the environment: Their internal sensors and cameras allow them to ???see???,???hear??? and respond to physical movement and acceleration. The instant read out and visual presentation of collected data makes the iPad extremely useful for Physics teaching. Augmented reality inside and outside the classroom is not science- fiction any more.
In networked control system (NCS) though IP networks,there are the issues such that time delays,its jitter and packet losses cause control performance degradation. Hence,many control schemes against the issues have been developed. For evaluating the effectiveness of the scheme,control experiments generally need to be done under actual IP networks. However,in actual networks,it is difficult to experiment under various conditions. Hence,the evaluation should be done under networks emulated by emulators because they can make the various realistic conditions. Therefore,it is important to confirm the validity of emulator in the case of using in NCS. In this paper,we discuss the validity of a popular network emulator built-in Linux,called netem,in terms of NCS. As a result,it has been found by experiment that netem in a recent Linux kernel can work well as emulator in NCS.
In this paper,a mixed testing method is presented to test the reliability of a certain radar system simulation software,which combines the reliability testing based on the operational profile with directed testing. The first phase of the test method is to carry out the reliability testing based on the operational profile,the second phase is to execute the directed testing;According to the transition criteria formulated in accordance with the test coverage to decide when to execute the transition from the first phase of testing to the second phase;finally the test adequacy criteria is established to judge the testing adequacy of radar system simulation software.
Nowadays,Radio Frequency Identification systems play an important role in our daily life. In this paper,a developed software simulation modeling magnetic inductively coupled RFID systems shall be presented. The simulation model aims to facilitate the studying of RFID systems operating using inductive coupling by linking the main parameters of RFID tag,RFID reader and their antennas to operating range of the RFID system. The results of the developed software simulation for various tag and reader parameters values and their effects on the operating range of the RFID system are also included.
Controlling a power system network through a control centre using a SCADA system is a quite different philosophy from controlling through distributed team of local operators,local panels and phone call orders. Thus control centre engineers is required to know the power system and automation system in details for the efficient operation and handling of the SCADA system. Therefore there is a great need of a training system that resembles the real control center environment and can be extensively used to train and educate the operators and students about the dynamics of power system and automation system under single roof. This paper proposes development of a real time control centre lab for research and training for power system operation and control,by integrating the OPAL-RT power system simulation system with computer based real time control system and customized open source SCADA system available under GNU license scheme. The control centre lab will not only provide an insight into the contemporary SCADA systems but will extend the capabilities of developing,testing traditional and advanced control algorithms for a large and complex power system models. To show the extended capability of the lab a sample power industry automatic generation control is discussed and procedure to implement on the proposed system is presented.
This paper discusses an approach for system simulation of an autopilot system designed for a Bell helicopter model. The flight controls for the helicopter is designed in Matlab/Simulink and the same is visualized in X-Plane flight simulator. The approach involves software in loop simulation method where controls are designed in Matlab/Simulink and the responses are observed on X-Plane plant. The interaction between the Matlab/Simulink and X-Plane is through UDP. A parameter identification of the X-Plane model is carried out from data obtained through UDP. This simulation setup is a good way to learn the intricacies of systems development,plant identification and control.
Adjusting for occupancy,when controlling an HVAC (Heating,Ventilation,and Air Conditioning) system,is an important way to realize demand-driven control and improve energy efficiency in buildings. Energy simulation is an efficient way to examine the effects of occupancy on a building's energy consumption and a cost-effective and non-intrusive solution to test occupancy-based HVAC control strategies. However,more than one hundred building energy simulation programs are used in research and practice,and large discrepancies exist in simulated results when different simulation programs are used to model the same building under same conditions. This paper evaluates different methods and sequences of coupling occupancy information with building HVAC energy simulation. A systematic review is conducted to analyze five energy simulation programs,including DOE-2,EnergyPlus,IES-VE,ESP-r,and TRNSYS,from the following five perspectives of heat transfer and balance,load calculation,occupancy-HVAC system connection,HVAC system modeling,and HVAC system simulation process.
Recently the stochastic kriging (SK) methodology proposed by Ankenman et al. (2010) has emerged as an effective metamodeling tool for approximating a mean response surface implied by a stochastic simulation. Although fruitful results have been achieved through bridging applications and theoretical investigations of SK,there lacks a unified account of efficient simulation experimental design strategies for applying SK metamodeling techniques. In this paper,we propose a sequential experimental design framework for applying SK to predicting performance measures of complex stochastic systems. This framework is flexible;i.e.,it can incorporate a variety of design criteria. We propose several novel design criteria under the proposed framework,and compare the performance with that of classic non-sequential designs. The evaluation uses illustrative test functions and the well-known M/M/1 and the (s,S) inventory system simulation models.
To achieve high efficiency and ensure Quality of Service (QoS),the last-level cache of Chip Multiprocessors has to be carefully managed. Previously proposed cache management schemes focus on reduction of the overall number of misses and or by allocating cache capacity without taking into consideration the applications' memory sharing characteristics. In this work we describe an adaptive scheme for last-level caches that balance the high efficiency and QoS for multimedia application system. The proposed scheme improves both system throughput and execution fairness. Our detailed,full-system simulations showed an average improvement for a multimedia system.
The emerging Long Term Evolution-Advanced (LTE-A) standard promises improvements in throughput and reduction in costs-per-bit,through use of techniques,such as,relaying and coordinated multipoint (CoMP) transmission and reception. The inherent self-backhauling of relays nodes makes them an attractive solution in areas where backhaul is either unavailable or costly. However,the performance of the backhaul relay link limits overall performance of relay systems,particularly for relays deployed in the cell edge. In this paper,we propose CoMP-enhancements in order to relax the relay link bottleneck. We study this proposed approach through system simulations of a selected realistic deployment scenario. The results demonstrate that use of a quantized co-phasing (QCP) CoMP technique provides significant signal- to-interference-plus- noise-ratio (SINR) gains and end-to-end throughput improvements for user equipment connected to the relays,even with simple scheduling techniques.
A constant average output current flyback LED driver without auxiliary windings,opto-couplers or output voltage feedback resistors is proposed. A novel on-chip feedback method through parasitic capacitor of the power MOS to detect demagnetizing time of the magnetizing inductor is used in the driver. The proposed scheme reduces the cost and improves the compaction of flyback LED drivers. The driver possesses over output voltage protection and short circuit protection on the basis of the demagnetizing time detection method. The system simulation results for a typical application show the functions of the LED driver meet the specification. Moreover,the demagnetizing time error was detected to be less than 0.6% and the average output current error is 4.43% at the worst case.
For reliable operation of power system protective relays,it is very important to distinguish between a fault,a stable power swing (power swing with decaying magnitude) and an unstable power swing (power swing with increasing magnitude). The traditional power swing detection schemes used in distance relay operation are not efficient enough in most cases. This paper proposes an artificial neural network (ANN) based scheme for power swing detection and classification. A simple 2 generator 4 feeder system was considered for simulations and the impedance loci for different fault conditions and swings were plotted. PSCAD-EMTDC power system simulation platform was used for this part. ANN based swing detection and classification systems using Learning Vector Quantization and Probabilistic Neural Network algorithm was designed in MATLAB environment with the simulation data. Experimental results establish that the proposed system can classify different faults and swings accurately. Thus,if incorporated within a smart energy management system,this system can be of great use for reliable and accurate operation of protective relays,even under power swing condition.
Simulation is employed extensively to perform exploration of design spaces by computer designers. Contemporary simulation environments are now increasingly complex comprising of support for multiple cores and full operating systems. Resource use between simulation environments vary widely because of these different system contexts and the fact that multi-threaded applications have intrinsic non-determinism. In addition,more recent simulation environments use Dynamic Binary Instrumentation (DBI) traces collected on the system context (OS,library,threading API) of the host system. Methodologies that have been employed to validate and compare simulation frameworks are usually limited to comparing CPI and cache statistics and do not provide a detailed function-level breakdown or understanding of the source of mismatches. In this work,we attempt to identify and quantify the true sources of mismatch between a DBI framework and a full system simulation framework. We use memory traces of multithreaded applications that have been annotated with function call information to allow for a breakdown of the source of mismatch within an application. To the best of our knowledge,this level of detail in comparison has not been attempted before,especially with traces of multi-threaded applications. In this study,we find that the sources of mismatch come mainly from threading mechanisms/threading API function calls,Library/System function calls and User Space condition synchronization. Based on the results of the study,we identify specific functions in each category of mismatch. We then propose a few ways to close the gap and enable more reliable simulation for design space exploration.
Evaluating the performance of a computer system requires the use of representative workloads. Therefore it is customary to use recorded job traces in simulations to evaluate the performance of proposed parallel job schedulers. We argue that this practice retains unimportant attributes of the workload,at the expense of other more important attributes. Specifically,using traces in open-system simulations retains the exact timestamps at which jobs are submitted. But in a real system these times depend on how users react to the performance of previous jobs,and it is more important to preserve the logical structure of dependencies between jobs than the specific timestamps. Using dependency information extracted from traces,we show how a simulation can preserve these dependencies. To do so we also extract user behavior,in terms of sessions and think times between the termination of one batch of jobs and the submission of a subsequent batch.
Smart Grid is expected to improve the reliability and efficiency while reducing the carbon footprint of energy sector. The incorporation of renewable generations at customer premises is a viable method to increase the renewable component of generation in Smart Grid. However,the random and intermittent nature of power generation is an inherent challenge for the operation of power grids with high penetration of renewable generation. Coordinating the operation of Distributed Energy Resources (DER) that includes controllable loads and storage too to achieve Virtual Power Plant (VPP) functionality has yielded amicable results in mitigating these fluctuations. This,in turn,could enable effective market participation by domestic consumers through an aggregator who can estimate the day's renewable generation pattern and coordinate the operation of DER to meet utility's Demand Response (DR) needs effectively. Such operation requires the exchange of significant volume of information between aggregator and consumers. By utilizing public data networks to exchange control and system information,the cost of implementing such operation could be reduced significantly. This paper reports the results of a co-simulation study that analyzed the feasibility of implementing VPP functionality through a coordinated control scheme implemented using a LTE network Successful such implementations enable an aggregator to participate in a DR program that demands the control of active power flow in the distribution feeder. The simulation platform developed for this study comprises a real-time power system simulation set-up and a commercial LTE based communication network.
Tactical and emergency-response networks require efficient communication without a managed infrastructure. Recent work demonstrates that applying information-centric paradigms to the tactical edge can provide performance benefits over traditional address centric approaches. We propose SOCRATIC (SOCial RATe control for Information Centric networks),an approach that unifies replication and network coding to disseminate content by taking advantage of social content and context heuristics. SOCRATIC replicates network encoded blocks according to a popularity index metric that is shared during neighbor discovery. The number of encoded blocks that is relayed to a node depends on its own interest in a data object and its social popularity,i.e.,how often and for how long the node meets other nodes. These blocks are subsequently replicated towards the subscriber if a stable path exists. We evaluate an implementation of SOCRATIC through network emulation of a tactical scenario and demonstrate that it can achieve better performance than traditional socially agnostic approaches.
In this paper,a distributed fault detection method is developed for a class of interconnected nonlinear uncertain systems. The interconnection between neighboring subsystems is unknown,but assumed to be bounded by a function of system states,inputs and outputs. A fault detection component is designed for each subsystem in the interconnected system by utilizing local measurements and certain communicated information from neighboring fault detection components associated with subsystems that are directly interconnected to the particular subsystem under consideration. Under certain assumptions,adaptive thresholds for distributed fault detection in each subsystem are derived,ensuring robustness with respect to interconnections among subsystems and system modeling uncertainty. Moreover,the fault detectability condition is rigorously investigated,characterizing the class of faults in each subsystem that are detectable by the proposed method. A multimachine power system simulation example is used to illustrate the effectiveness of the method.
Annotation - For a variety of parametric acnd nonparametric tests,designed to test hypotheses of randomness or absence of a trend the distribution of statistics were investigated with Monte-Carlo algorithm,corresponding to the truth of the hypothesis under test in accordance with sample sizes. Procedure of interactive simulation of statistic distributions tests is proposed and implemented that allowed to apply the relevant test correctly in conditions of violation of standard assumptions. The results of comparative analysis of power of the tests against competing hypotheses hypothesis with different models of linear trend,conclusions about preferability of using a particular test are made.
In this paper we show a solution for self frequency spectrum constriction of two terminal circuits based on microstrip lines. The designed method is based on using nonuniform transmission lines and is approved by agreement between theoretical calculation and electromagnetic (EM) software simulations. A maximum frequency deviation between calculated results and EM simulation corresponds to 1.7 MHz only at gigahertz ranges and allows one to create a high frequency filter design with more than 40 dB wide stopband signal amplitude suppression.
This paper investigates a novel algorithm based on the Bump and Jump technique,capable of detecting and recovering from possible false lock events during the acquisition stage of BOC(1,1) Signals. Indeed the traditional Bump and Jump technique might lead to a false lock,in particular in harsh scenarios affected by strong multipath. Concerning this undesired event,an analysis of False Lock probability is provided to assess the goodness of the new approach w.r.t. the traditional Bump and Jump algorithm. The new algorithm is compared to the classical one,providing statistics on the False Locks occurrence after the Transition to Tracking stage,given the probability density function of the coarse delays estimated in the Acquisition stage. This analysis has been extensively assessed by means of a semi-analytic MATLAB? simulator,representative of the Acquisition and Transition to Tracking stages of a GNSS Ground Receiver. Two different multipath models have been considered applicable to the Reference Stations context: the two rays ground multipath and diffuse multipath. A preliminary assessment with a GNSS signals simulator and a receiver prototype are also included so as to demonstrate the applicability of the software simulation results to both Bump and Jump methods.
For a complex system with the working point range changing,large delay and other characteristics,it has a certain degree of difficulty to be controlled. The usage of multi-model to deal with this kind of control system issues is effective. In this paper,we focus on proposing the different conditions using different models and multi-model internal model control method. According to different local models design corresponding local controllers,it can be obtained by weighting the membership functions to achieve a global multi-model and a global controller. Multiple system simulation results of temperature reduction system show that the proposed control method has better control performance,and it is a viable method for dealing with such problems.
Practical training in ship oil purifier systems have lots of limitations. Most of the simulation system is given priority to hardware simulation and it isn't convenient to use. It's necessary to help students to master the application of oil purifier system by designing software simulation platform. The article uses the oil purifier system of a thousands of container ship COSCO PACIFIC as the simulation object. By using VC++ technology to simulate the operation of the ship oil purifier function,the system established oil purifier simulation system mathematical model,realized control unit EPC50 logic control and designed the system interface. By operating the system,it shows that the mathematical model is accurate and the system can comprehensively and realistically reflect the working condition and the actual dynamic-process of oil purifier system.
In this paper a fuzzy logic controller for Solar powered DC -DC boost converter is planned. Here for simplification,the PV system is taken as a constant DC Voltage source. The output response of the boost converter,is controlled by changing its duty cycle and the controller is planned to change the duty cycle. The simulation is formulated by MATLAB simulation program and PSIM software. Using fuzzy logic controller duty cycle of PWM signal is yielded. Taking into account the value of duty cycle simulation results demonstrate that the output voltage of the boost converter can be controlled. With the help of fuzzy logic tool box,fuzzy logic controller has been applied to the system. The assessing of output has been accomplished and equated by software simulation among PI controller and fuzzy logic controller. The simulation results shows that by using this technique output response of step-up Switching converter is regulated.
This paper shows comparative performance between Fuzzy Logic controller(FLC) and Proportional Integral Derivative controller (PTDC) on an Interleaved Soft Switching Boost converter(ISSBC) with R load. The output has been evaluated by software simulation using Matlab/Simulink. The controllers performance are compared based on dynamic performance in terms of voltage deviation,settling time and steady state error.
This paper aims to demonstrate a simulation-optimization modeling approach to examine the efficiency of a mathematical model in Optimization of Multi-Commodities Consumer Supply Chain (MCCSC) — Modeling. Simulation is one of the most widely used tools in model validation. It enables identifying system's behaviors under different circumstances. To this end,in the present work,a supply chain system simulation model is developed within the context of production-distribution (P-D) decision making. Also,taking into account real-life constraints,an integrated MCCSC case study is created to predict the consequences of variable changes. The performance of the model is then evaluated using SimEvents toolbox in conjunction with Simulink toolbox of MALAB. Finally,Genetic Algorithmsare utilized to minimize the total cost of the entire system.
The linear analysis of digital phase locked loop (DPLL) does not include finite precision arising owing to the limited size of register or memory for processing or storing the coefficients or data in most of the literatures. This truncation in word length results a serious degradation in DPLL performance. This paper addresses a problem where a truncation error is purposely introduced at the phase detector output of a DSP based DPLL and application of an additional single tone dither signal at the digital control oscillator (DCO) input helps to reduce the effect of this error. But,the addition of this signal causes the overall phase error variance to increase. In this loop,more improvement in performance in terms of phase error variance is suggested by incorporating a further phase control in the DCO. The software simulation of the proposed loop is carried out in Matlab/Simulink environment. Various conclusive simulation results are found in support of the proposed loop when it is compared with the other versions on the grounds of acquisition performance,harmonic distortion and output signal to noise ratio.
This article discusses the use of a Permanent Magnet Synchronous Generator (PMSG) for wind energy production and injection of the electrical energy produced in a network. The objective is to perform modeling and nonlinear control system,and then the objective of the control is: enforcing power factor correction (PFC) with respect to the power grid. First,model mathematics of the whole system studying is developed in the Park's coordinates. Thereafter control strategies PFC is used to inject power into a grid while keeping a very good power factor. The control strategy is mainly based on the backstepping technique. A formal analysis based on Lyapunov stability is developed to describe the control system performances. To demonstrate the performance of methods,some results of the overall system simulations are presented under MATLAB / Simulink software.
Current communication technologies at the microwave band are insufficient to meet the exponential increase in wireless data demands,essentially due to scarcity in bandwidth. Millimeter wave (mmW) offers a potential means to fulfill such soaring demands with wide bandwidth and beamforming capabilities. In this paper we investigate the mmW heterogeneous network (HetNet) capacity operating at 28GHz and 73GHz by system simulations,in both the 3GPP scenario and Munich urban city. Two types of control channel modes for pico cell coverage are analyzed. Simulation results show that control signaling at microwave band provides better coverage,while data communications at the mmW band enable up to multi-Tbps/km2 system capacity,which is also dependent on the pico-user association. It is found that in both scenarios the capacity gain of 73GHz over 28GHz is in the range of 7～10-fold under the same user-pico association.
This paper aim at evaluating wideband channel characterization of 60 GHz radio frequency that is used for short range high speed data transmission. We observe an RMS delay spread of 60 GHz channel using radio propagation software simulation base on ray tracing algorithm. Three different rooms is taken into account for our experiment. Detail room size,dimension,and material are considered in the simulation to find RMS delay spread,coherence bandwidth,and finally the performance of the channel in which Gbps of data were transmitted through this channel.
For improving the economic benefit of the generation unit with ACC (air-cooled condenser) in summer season,a peak-load condenser system was updated for the ACC system. Optimization of the peak-load condenser operation was studied using the site test and system simulation methods. Based on the site test data,certain characteristic performance parameter was calculated such as cleaniness factor and etc. Final optimized operation scheme was studied using the simulation software for various ambient conditions. It is shown that,based on the current equipment conditions,for most of the weather conditions except for winter,the peak-load condenser with one cooling pump in operation can improve the unit performance.
PSS/E is the power system simulation software that widely used on North American,and possesses powerful user-defined function. The static var compensator (SVC) is an important device for reactive power compensation. The CSVGN5 SVC,which is ready-made in PSS/E and widely used in western United States,and a modified SVC which is referenced the model in BPA,are built by means of user-defined function in PSS/E. Through the comparison of dynamic simulation results,the correctness and practicability of the proposed user-defined SVC model is validated.
A hybrid system utilizes several energy sources to generate electricity. This paper proposes combination of two renewable energies i.e. micro-hydro and photovoltaic for energy independent village application in Dusun Mergosari,Pesawaran Indah Village,Pesawaran Regency,Lampung Province. Previously,the village was only supplied by one micro-hydro generator through a long feeder line with high voltage drop along the line. In this work,an optimal placement and size of photovoltaic system is identified and studied through software simulation. The obtained results show that installation of a PV system improves grid's performances in terms of lower voltage drop and power losses. About 9.5% to 31% voltage improvements were observed in accordance with PV System installation.
Hybrid renewable energy systems (HRES) have become more and more popular,especially for isolated regions. Various renewable energy resources are utilised to produce energy for different usage. This paper discusses the design of HRES for the Ha'apai island group. Possible renewable resources for electricity generation are investigated and the optimum system configuration at the lowest capital expenditure is obtained by HOMER software. Moreover,an analysis of the impact on diesel price and renewable penetration to HRES is presented,and the feasible option for Ha'apai is derived from system simulation.
An increasing number of research groups are developing custom hybrid analog/digital very large scale integration (VLSI) chips and systems that implement hundreds to thousands of spiking neurons with biophysically realistic dynamics, with the intention of emulating brainlike real-world behavior in hardware and robotic systems rather than simply simulating their performance on general-purpose digital computers. Although the electronic engineering aspects of these emulation systems is proceeding well, progress toward the actual emulation of brainlike tasks is restricted by the lack of suitable high-level configuration methods of the kind that have already been developed over many decades for simulations on general-purpose computers. The key difficulty is that the dynamics of the CMOS electronic analogs are determined by transistor biases that do not map simply to the parameter types and values used in typical abstract mathematical models of neurons and their networks. Here we provide a general method for resolving this difficulty. We describe a parameter mapping technique that permits an automatic configuration of VLSI neural networks so that their electronic emulation conforms to a higher-level neuronal simulation. We show that the neurons configured by our method exhibit spike timing statistics and temporal dynamics that are the same as those observed in the software simulated neurons and, in particular, that the key parameters of recurrent VLSI neural networks (e.g., implementing soft winner-take-all) can be precisely tuned. The proposed method permits a seamless integration between software simulations with hardware emulations and intertranslatability between the parameters of abstract neuronal models and their emulation counterparts. Most important, our method offers a route toward a high-level task configuration language for neuromorphic VLSI systems.
Neurophysiological and behavioral studies suggest that the peripersonal space is represented in a multisensory fashion by integrating stimuli of different modalities. We developed a neural network to simulate the visual-tactile representation of the peripersonal space around the right and left hands. The model is composed of two networks (one per hemisphere), each with three areas of neurons: two are unimodal (visual and tactile) and communicate by synaptic connections with a third downstream multimodal (visual-tactile) area. The hemispheres are interconnected by inhibitory synapses. We applied a combination of analytic and computer simulation techniques. The analytic approach requires some simplifying assumptions and approximations (linearization and a reduced number of neurons) and is used to investigate network stability as a function of parameter values, providing some emergent properties. These are then tested and extended by computer simulations of a more complex nonlinear network that does not rely on the previous simplifications. With basal parameter values, the extended network reproduces several in vivo phenomena: multisensory coding of peripersonal space, reinforcement of unisensory perception by multimodal stimulation, and coexistence of simultaneous right- and left-hand representations in bilateral stimulation. By reducing the strength of the synapses from the right tactile neurons, the network is able to mimic the responses characteristic of right-brain-damaged patients with left tactile extinction: perception of unilateral left tactile stimulation, cross-modal extinction and cross-modal facilitation in bilateral stimulation. Finally, a variety of sensitivity analyses on some key parameters was performed to shed light on the contribution of single-model components in network behaviour. The model may help us understand the neural circuitry underlying peripersonal space representation and identify its alterations explaining neurological deficits. In per- pective, it could help in interpreting results of psychophysical and behavioral trials and clarifying the neural correlates of multisensory-based rehabilitation procedures.
An implantable miniaturized imaging device can be attractive in many clinical applications. They include automated,periodic,high-resolution monitoring of susceptible organs for early detection of an anomalous growth. In this paper,we propose an implantable ultrasonic imager capable of online high-resolution imaging of a region inside the body. A feasibility analysis is presented,with respect to design of such a system and its application to online monitoring of tumor growth in deep internal organs. We use ultrasound (US) imaging technology,as it is safe,low-cost,can be easily miniaturized,and amenable for long-term,point-of-care (POC) monitoring. The design space of the proposed system has been explored including form factor,transducer specifications and power/energy requirements. We have analyzed the effectiveness of the system in timely detection of anomalous growth in a case study through software simulations using a widely-accepted ultrasonic platform (Field II). Finally,through experimental studies using medical grade phantoms and an ultrasound scanner,we have evaluated the system with respect to its major imaging characteristics. It is observed that interstitial imaging under area/power constraints would achieve significantly better imaging quality in terms of contrast sensitivity and spatial resolution than existing techniques in deep,internal body parts,while maintaining the automated monitoring advantages.
In this contribution,we present a novel beam-control approach for automotive phased-array radar frontends. Since radar sensors are considered to be one of the means to enable future advanced safety functionality,we previously developed a system simulation environment that incorporates all involved domains and calculates all relevant high-level effects accurately. Subsequently,a generic phased-array FMCW radar frontend has been implemented and parameterized according to state-of-the-art SiGe components operating in the 77 GHz band. To demonstrate the advantages of an adaptively controlled beam for future safety applications,it is focused on curved traffic situations,which are calculated in a co-simulation incorporating a 3D-raytracer. A novel method for the control of the antenna characteristic is derived,which takes the specific curve geometry into account,and predictive enhancement features applied to it are elucidated,before their utilization and the resulting increase of system performance is computed. By adaptively coupling the radar sensor to the steering angle,thus directing its beam together with the ego-vehicle into the curve,its measurement range can be distinctly increased,which is providing more time for the safety system to react. This set of facts is first examined in a static view,by regarding only some specially selected timesteps,before a thorough analysis of the complete traffic scenario reveals the system's advantages from a dynamic point-of-view. As a result,the performance improvement of phased-array frontends applying adaptive beam-control compared to those with body-fixed nonsteerable beams is proven. Moreover,some results which are to be expected from such an advanced system,in case its full potential is evolved by implementing a scanning functionality,are provided as an outlook on future developments.
A novel approach for the calculation of transient fault current contributions from capacitive network components in HVDC cable networks during pole-to-ground faults is presented in this paper. Analytic approximations considering the skin effect and the resulting distortion of the waveshape of the fault surge are proposed. Only fault current contributions from capacitive components,such as dc capacitors and adjacent cable feeders,are taken into account in this paper,since they are dominant during the first few milliseconds and yield the highest rates of rise of fault current. The results of the proposed expressions are compared with a benchmark model implemented in PSCAD and exhibit an accurate representation of the time development of the fault current. The derived approximations may serve as a starting point for a short-circuit calculation standard for HVDC networks and the specification of HVDC circuit-breaker requirements.
Electric springs have been used previously in stabilizing mains voltage fluctuation in power grid fed by intermittent renewable energy sources. This paper describes a new three-phase electric spring circuit and its new operation in reducing power imbalance in the three-phase power system of a building. Based on government energy use data for tall buildings,the electric loads are classified as critical and noncritical loads so that building energy model can be developed. The proposed electric spring is connected in series with the noncritical loads to form a new generation of smart loads. A control scheme for such smart loads to reduce power imbalance within the building's electric power system has been evaluated initially with an experimental prototype and then in a system simulation study. The results have confirmed the effectiveness of the new three-phase electric springs in reducing power imbalance and voltage fluctuation,making the building loads adaptive to internal load changes and external mains voltage changes.
The overall performance of emission trading (ET),a market-based emission regulation tool,strongly relies on participants' participation and responses. In order to improve market design,it is important for policy makers to understand the participants' trading behaviors in different market environments. However,human behaviors cannot be easily modeled with conventional analytical methods due to its “bounded rationality” characteristics. In this paper,based on the complementary features between experimental and agent-based computational methods,a hybrid interactive simulation methodology is proposed to solve human behaviors related problems. Human-subjected experiment based on European Union Emissions Trading System price data in 2006 is conducted,the results show that there is no fixed emission trading interval for generation companies,and the strategic behaviors of market participants are observed. Major driving factors of emission trading are categorized into emission price,emission quantity and time related factors,which are in accordance with empirical analysis results on EU ETS 2005–2006 transaction dataset. Furthermore,more human-subjected experiments are conducted under different emission price scenarios to obtain samples for quantitative analysis. Based on thousands of samples obtained,the joint influences of driving factors on emission trading behaviors are analyzed. The quantitative analysis results obtained can reflect the trading patterns of human participants,which provide basis for constructing computer agents that can act as useful substitutes for human participants.
The effective utilisation of millimetre-wave radar for precipitation measurements seems to require quantitative evaluation methods of enhanced backscattering from randomly distributed particles. One such method is a computer simulation technique proposed in the literature [Radio Science,2006,41,RS6002],a technique that takes into account the spherical wavefront and directivity functions of transmitting and receiving antennas. The effectiveness of this technique has been previously verified by the present authors by comparing laboratory-controlled scattering experiments performed at 60 GHz using cylindrical scattering volumes,where conductive spheres of a monodispersive size are randomly distributed with statistically uniform number densities. In this latest reported work,the effectiveness of this computer simulation technique is further demonstrated for the case where conductive spheres are randomly and non-uniformly distributed with concentrically different number densities.
The automatic German toll system is both a software-intensive system – relying on the on-board units to collect the toll charges due – and a socio-technical system – the user can influence the system behaviour. The overall dynamic system behaviour emerges both from the technical implementation of the system and the users’ interaction with the system limiting the effectiveness of common software engineering practices. Simulations are an additional tool to reduce the operational risks and to improve the performance of system development projects. We have developed a realistic microscopic discrete event simulation model of the automatic tolling processes to simulate the overall system behaviour at a scale of 1:1. Taking this model our research investigates the effect of the HGV fleet behaviour on the dynamic system behaviour. To that end the system simulation model is accompanied by a separate model of the HGV driving patterns.
This study contains an investigation into sympathetic tripping – the undesirable disconnection of distributed generators (DGs) (in accordance with the recently-introduced G83/2 under voltage protection) when a network fault occurs in the vicinity of the DG and is not cleared quickly enough by the network protection (i.e. before the DG's under voltage protection operates). An evaluation of the severity of and proposal of solutions to the problem of sympathetic tripping on a typical UK distribution power network is presented. An inverter model (as the majority of DGs will be inverter-interfaced) that characterises the fault response of the inverter and its associated protection functions has been developed for use in simulation through exhaustive laboratory testing of a commercially-available 3 kW inverter for DG application;the observed responses have been modelled and incorporated in a power system simulation package. It is shown,when using presently-adopted DG interface and network protection settings,that the risk of sympathetic tripping is high in several future scenarios. To mitigate this risk,the impact of modifying network protection settings is evaluated. This study has two key findings – determination of the conditions at which the risk of sympathetic tripping is high and evaluation of a technique to mitigate this risk.
Simulation is employed extensively to perform exploration of design spaces by computer designers. Contemporary simulation environments are now increasingly complex comprising of support for multiple cores and full operating systems. Resource use between simulation environments vary widely because of these different system contexts and the fact that multi-threaded applications have intrinsic non-determinism. In addition, more recent simulation environments use Dynamic Binary Instrumentation (DBI) traces collected on the system context (OS, library, threading API) of the host system. Methodologies that have been employed to validate and compare simulation frameworks are usually limited to comparing CPI and cache statistics and do not provide a detailed function-level breakdown or understanding of the source of mismatches. In this work, we attempt to identify and quantify the true sources of mismatch between a DBI framework and a full system simulation framework. We use memory traces of multithreaded applications that have been annotated with function call information to allow for a breakdown of the source of mismatch within an application. To the best of our knowledge, this level of detail in comparison has not been attempted before, especially with traces of multi-threaded applications. In this study, we find that the sources of mismatch come mainly from threading mechanisms/threading API function calls, Library/System function calls and User Space condition synchronization. Based on the results of the study, we identify specific functions in each category of mismatch. We then propose a few ways to close the gap and enable more reliable simulation for design space exploration.
In this paper a fuzzy logic controller for Solar powered DC -DC boost converter is planned. Here for simplification, the PV system is taken as a constant DC Voltage source. The output response of the boost converter, is controlled by changing its duty cycle and the controller is planned to change the duty cycle. The simulation is formulated by MATLAB simulation program and PSIM software. Using fuzzy logic controller duty cycle of PWM signal is yielded. Taking into account the value of duty cycle simulation results demonstrate that the output voltage of the boost converter can be controlled. With the help of fuzzy logic tool box, fuzzy logic controller has been applied to the system. The assessing of output has been accomplished and equated by software simulation among PI controller and fuzzy logic controller. The simulation results shows that by using this technique output response of step-up Switching converter is regulated.
The linear analysis of digital phase locked loop (DPLL) does not include finite precision arising owing to the limited size of register or memory for processing or storing the coefficients or data in most of the literatures. This truncation in word length results a serious degradation in DPLL performance. This paper addresses a problem where a truncation error is purposely introduced at the phase detector output of a DSP based DPLL and application of an additional single tone dither signal at the digital control oscillator (DCO) input helps to reduce the effect of this error. But, the addition of this signal causes the overall phase error variance to increase. In this loop, more improvement in performance in terms of phase error variance is suggested by incorporating a further phase control in the DCO. The software simulation of the proposed loop is carried out in Matlab/Simulink environment. Various conclusive simulation results are found in support of the proposed loop when it is compared with the other versions on the grounds of acquisition performance, harmonic distortion and output signal to noise ratio.
Over the past decade, the physical (PHY) layer of communication systems has evolved with the addition of techniques such as orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) and multi-carrier aggregation. This has resulted in significant performance improvements, but it has come at the cost of increased power consumption and system complexity. To overcome this problem, a wide range of new Medium Access Control (MAC) protocols have been proposed for wireless networks. However, the speed of innovation in MAC protocols has not been able to keep up with the fast pace of PHY layer research;the latter being fueled by the availability of a variety of Software Defined Radio (SDR) platforms. These systems have eventually made their way into the classrooms and labs, thus giving communication engineers an experiential learning opportunity. They have provided students cost effective options to acquire real-world signals and analyze them using digital signal processing techniques. In essence, this has done for communications engineering students, what the sound card did for students learning audio signal processing. On the other hand, computer science students have been left with the option of learning about MAC protocols only through text books or by using software simulations. This is because most SDR systems do not meet the stringent latency and performance requirements required for creating real-world communication links;and the few that do are priced out of reach for classroom sizes typically found in Indian engineering colleges. In this paper, we analyze this situation at hand and discuss the emergence of a new design space for MAC layer prototyping systems. This paper discusses the key requirements, namely latency, processing speed, and cost, of systems in this design space. Finally, this paper describes how availability of commercial technology and careful trade-off with other requirements, such as throughput and frequency agility, is making it feasible to design a sy- tem that meets these key requirements.
Previous research efforts in mimicking the compound eye of Musca domestica, the common house fly, in hardware have primarily been focused on optical designs to achieve the fast, analog, parallel processing, and motion hyperacuity properties of the biological system. While these optical platforms have shown promising results, nearly all proposed advantages of utilizing a fly-inspired sensor have been discovered through the use of software simulation with very little or no effort being made to validate these simulations using the actual fly-inspired optics. The work presented in this paper advances the frontier of compound vision research by mimicking the core processing systems of the fly's intermediate neural layer structure (the lamina) in hardware. The hardware designs were kept as biomimetic as possible, and the unique motion hyperacuity characteristic of Musca's visual system was preserved in each circuit design. It will be shown that an effective light adaptation system can be designed that is both analog and parallel by directly mimicking the fly's visual system. The proof-of-concept designs presented in this paper are an important first step in turning the novel compound optical designs of the past decade into useful sensors that can function in dynamic real-world environments.
In this contribution, we present a novel beam-control approach for automotive phased-array radar frontends. Since radar sensors are considered to be one of the means to enable future advanced safety functionality, we previously developed a system simulation environment that incorporates all involved domains and calculates all relevant high-level effects accurately. Subsequently, a generic phased-array FMCW radar frontend has been implemented and parameterized according to state-of-the-art SiGe components operating in the 77 GHz band. To demonstrate the advantages of an adaptively controlled beam for future safety applications, it is focused on curved traffic situations, which are calculated in a co-simulation incorporating a 3D-raytracer. A novel method for the control of the antenna characteristic is derived, which takes the specific curve geometry into account, and predictive enhancement features applied to it are elucidated, before their utilization and the resulting increase of system performance is computed. By adaptively coupling the radar sensor to the steering angle, thus directing its beam together with the ego-vehicle into the curve, its measurement range can be distinctly increased, which is providing more time for the safety system to react. This set of facts is first examined in a static view, by regarding only some specially selected timesteps, before a thorough analysis of the complete traffic scenario reveals the system's advantages from a dynamic point-of-view. As a result, the performance improvement of phased-array frontends applying adaptive beam-control compared to those with body-fixed nonsteerable beams is proven. Moreover, some results which are to be expected from such an advanced system, in case its full potential is evolved by implementing a scanning functionality, are provided as an outlook on future developments.
When the modern electrical infrastructure is undergoing a migration to the Smart Grid, vulnerability and security concerns have also been raised regarding the cascading failure threats in this interconnected transmission system with complex communication and control challenge. The DC power flow-based model has been a popular model to study the cascading failure problem due to its efficiency, simplicity and scalability in simulations of such failures. However, due to the complex nature of the power system and cascading failures, the underlying assumptions in DC power flow-based cascading failure simulators (CFS) may fail to hold during the development of cascading failures. This paper compares the validity of a typical DC power flow-based CFS in cascading failure analysis with a new numerical metric defined as the critical moment (CM). The adopted CFS is first implemented to simulate system behavior after initial contingencies and to evaluate the utility of DC-CFS in cascading failure analysis. Then the DC-CFS is compared against another classic, more precise power system stability methodology, i.e., the transient stability analysis (TSA). The CM is introduced with a case study to assess the utilization of these two models for cascading failure analysis. Comparative simulations on the IEEE 39-bus and 68-bus benchmark reveal important consistency and discrepancy between these two approaches. Some suggestions are provided for using these two models in the power grid cascading failure analysis.
IEC 61850 and IEC 61970-301 (CIM) are core standards in the electrical power domain. IEC 61850 is concerned with control and protection in a substation, while CIM addresses power management. There has been a great attention to unifying these standards to support interoperability in smart grids. However, due to their difference natures and independent evolution, the unification of IEC 61850 and CIM has been a great challenge. A prerequisite to their unification is unifying data types. In this paper, we present an approach for unifying data types of IEC 61850 and CIM. In the approach, the semantics of all the data types in the standards are analyzed to identify matching and non-matching types. Based on the analysis, data types are unified by applying a set of unification principles. We demonstrate tool support for transforming IEC 61850 and CIM data types to unified data types using Query/View/Transformation (QVT).
Electric springs have been used previously in stabilizing mains voltage fluctuation in power grid fed by intermittent renewable energy sources. This paper describes a new three-phase electric spring circuit and its new operation in reducing power imbalance in the three-phase power system of a building. Based on government energy use data for tall buildings, the electric loads are classified as critical and noncritical loads so that building energy model can be developed. The proposed electric spring is connected in series with the noncritical loads to form a new generation of smart loads. A control scheme for such smart loads to reduce power imbalance within the building's electric power system has been evaluated initially with an experimental prototype and then in a system simulation study. The results have confirmed the effectiveness of the new three-phase electric springs in reducing power imbalance and voltage fluctuation, making the building loads adaptive to internal load changes and external mains voltage changes.
For long-distance operation of high-temperature superconducting (HTS) cables, evaluations of heat transfer and fluid flow dynamics of liquid nitrogen (LN2) flowing in the HTS cable is important. However, the LN2 flow is complicated when the cable core is positioned at an eccentric position to the center of the cryostat pipe. A computer simulation analysis is effective in evaluating these characteristics with the complicated LN2 flow. In the computer simulation analysis, design of an appropriate simulation model, which is considering the cable configuration and LN2 flow conditions, is necessary. In this paper, at first, the accuracy of the computer simulation model was evaluated by comparison of the theoretical arithmetic analysis model for a simplified cable configuration, which is assumed that the cable core is positioned at the center. As a result, the value of computer simulation analysis showed a good agreement with that of the theoretical analysis. Then, using this computer simulation model, the effects of the eccentric arrangement on the pressure drops and the temperature rise of the flowing LN2 were simulated. As a result, the pressure drop of the eccentric configuration became to about two-third as compared with that of the central core configuration, and no significant temperature difference of the HTS conductor of each configuration was confirmed.
This paper demonstrates a novel cosimulation architecture that integrates hardware testing using power hardware-in-the-loop (PHIL) techniques with larger-scale electric grid models using off-the-shelf non-PHIL software tools. This test bed for distributed integration enables utilities to study the impacts of emerging energy technologies on their system and manufacturers to explore the interactions of new devices with existing and emerging devices on the power system, both without the need to convert existing grid models to a new platform or to conduct in-field trials. This paper describes an implementation of this architecture for testing two residential-scale advanced solar inverters at separate points of common coupling (PCCs). The same hardware setup is tested with two different distribution feeders (IEEE 123 and 8500 node test systems) modeled using GridLAB-D. In addition to simplifying testing with multiple feeders, the architecture demonstrates additional flexibility with hardware testing in one location linked via the Internet to software modeling in a remote location. In testing, the inverter current, real and reactive power, and PCC voltage are well captured by the cosimulation platform. Testing of the inverter advanced control features is currently somewhat limited by the software model time step (1 s) and tested communication latency (24 ms). These limitations could be overcome using faster modeling and communication within the same cosimulation architecture.
The overall performance of emission trading (ET), a market-based emission regulation tool, strongly relies on participants' participation and responses. In order to improve market design, it is important for policy makers to understand the participants' trading behaviors in different market environments. However, human behaviors cannot be easily modeled with conventional analytical methods due to its “bounded rationality” characteristics. In this paper, based on the complementary features between experimental and agent-based computational methods, a hybrid interactive simulation methodology is proposed to solve human behaviors related problems. Human-subjected experiment based on European Union Emissions Trading System price data in 2006 is conducted, the results show that there is no fixed emission trading interval for generation companies, and the strategic behaviors of market participants are observed. Major driving factors of emission trading are categorized into emission price, emission quantity and time related factors, which are in accordance with empirical analysis results on EU ETS 2005-2006 transaction dataset. Furthermore, more human-subjected experiments are conducted under different emission price scenarios to obtain samples for quantitative analysis. Based on thousands of samples obtained, the joint influences of driving factors on emission trading behaviors are analyzed. The quantitative analysis results obtained can reflect the trading patterns of human participants, which provide basis for constructing computer agents that can act as useful substitutes for human participants.
The impact of time delays on emulation systems is examined through a simulation model of an aircraft power system demonstrator facility. The aircraft demonstrator uses hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) techniques to command a motor drive so that it emulates the dynamic characteristics of the shaft in an aircraft gas engine. As time-delay effects are inherent in the HIL test systems using industrial control platforms and communication systems, time-delay compensation techniques are required. Techniques to mitigate the time delay, or the effect of the time delay, are examined to enhance the accuracy of the gas-engine emulation.
The main objective of this work is to simulate the behavior of superconducting fault current limiters (SFCLs) in the electric power grid. We investigate the transient behavior of SFCL devices when subjected to a fault current in a simple network. The simulated devices are a resistive SFCL and an air coil SFCL, both equipped with 2G HTS conductors. Simulations are performed in EMTP-ATP by means of a thermal-electrical analogy model. The limiting performance, voltages at buses, resistance, and the temperature rise of both devices are obtained. The results suggest that both SFCLs are able to protect the proposed network.
The effective utilisation of millimetre-wave radar for precipitation measurements seems to require quantitative evaluation methods of enhanced backscattering from randomly distributed particles. One such method is a computer simulation technique proposed in the literature [Radio Science, 2006, 41, RS6002], a technique that takes into account the spherical wavefront and directivity functions of transmitting and receiving antennas. The effectiveness of this technique has been previously verified by the present authors by comparing laboratory-controlled scattering experiments performed at 60 GHz using cylindrical scattering volumes, where conductive spheres of a monodispersive size are randomly distributed with statistically uniform number densities. In this latest reported work, the effectiveness of this computer simulation technique is further demonstrated for the case where conductive spheres are randomly and non-uniformly distributed with concentrically different number densities.
This paper presents a real-time implementation of a multiagent-based game theory reverse auction model for microgrid market operations featuring conventional and renewable distributed energy resources (DER). Studies were conducted on a grid connected microgrid consisting of a synchronous generator, two inverter-based generation units, and a combined load. The multiagent-based platform was applied to monitor, control, and perform the reverse auction process of DERs. A competitive game-theory reverse auction model was investigated to schedule the DER unit commitment with an hour-ahead market approach for the 24 h of the day. The proposed methodology was realistically implemented and operated at the Florida International University smart grid test system. The investigation shows that the proposed algorithm and the industrial hardware-based infrastructure can be implemented in the existing electric utility grid as new assets of the system are added.
Modifications to a slow-wave structure (SWS) consisting of a planar helix with straight-edge connections are proposed so as to avoid dielectric charging problem when it is used in a traveling-wave tube (TWT). The planar helix SWS is suitable for microfabrication using materials such as silicon (Si) and silicon dioxide (SiO2). First, through a simple dielectric slab model, it is shown that the phenomenon of dielectric charging can be accurately simulated using Computer Simulation Technology Particle Studio. Next, a more realistic double-dielectric model is considered to obtain guidelines to avoid dielectric charging. Based on these guidelines, two simple modifications are suggested for the planar helix SWS when it is microfabricated using Si wafers and a layer of SiO2. The modifications consist of partial removal of the SiO2 layer and a careful enhancement of the conductivity of the Si layer. The simulation results are presented for a Ka-band planar helix SWS to demonstrate a very significant reduction in dielectric charging while maintaining a low insertion loss when these modifications are incorporated. The proposed technique is compatible with microfabrication and is expected to be useful in microfabricated millimeter-wave TWTs.
This study contains an investigation into sympathetic tripping - the undesirable disconnection of distributed generators (DGs) (in accordance with the recently-introduced G83/2 under voltage protection) when a network fault occurs in the vicinity of the DG and is not cleared quickly enough by the network protection (i.e. before the DG's under voltage protection operates). An evaluation of the severity of and proposal of solutions to the problem of sympathetic tripping on a typical UK distribution power network is presented. An inverter model (as the majority of DGs will be inverter-interfaced) that characterises the fault response of the inverter and its associated protection functions has been developed for use in simulation through exhaustive laboratory testing of a commercially-available 3 kW inverter for DG application;the observed responses have been modelled and incorporated in a power system simulation package. It is shown, when using presently-adopted DG interface and network protection settings, that the risk of sympathetic tripping is high in several future scenarios. To mitigate this risk, the impact of modifying network protection settings is evaluated. This study has two key findings - determination of the conditions at which the risk of sympathetic tripping is high and evaluation of a technique to mitigate this risk.
The availability of thorough system simulations for detailed and accurate performance prediction and optimization of existing and future designs for a new modality, such as magnetic particle imaging (MPI) are very important. Our framework aims to simulate a complete MPI system by providing a description of all (drive and receive) coils, permanent magnet configurations, magnetic nanoparticle (MNP) distributions, and characteristics of the signal processing chain. The simulation is performed on a user defined spatial and temporal discrete grid. The magnetization of the MNP is modeled by either the Langevin theory or as ideal particles with infinite steepness and ideal saturation. The magnetic fields are approximated in first order by calculating the Biot-Savart integral. In addition, the coupling constants between the excitation coils (e.g., drive field coils) and the receive coils can be determined. All coils can be described by an XML description language based on primitive geometric shapes. First simulations of a modeled μMPI system are shown. In this regard, μMPI refers to a small 1-D system for samples of a size of a few tens of a cubic millimeter and a spatial resolution of about 200 μm.
With the increasing penetration of distributed generation, distribution networks are evolving from passive to active. New transient simulation methods are required to study the detailed dynamic characteristics of large-scale active distribution networks. A model order reduction method based on Krylov subspace theory is introduced in this study to reduce the overall model scale of active distribution networks for transient simulations. A modified state-space model of linear distribution networks is developed to replace the conventional models for improvement in model reduction efficiency, while guaranteeing the passivity and stability of the reduced models. The proposed model order reduction method is validated with the IEEE 123-node test network. The results prove that the proposed method is effective for different applications to improve the simulation efficiency of large-scale active distribution networks.
These tutorials and keynote speeches discuss the following: Simulating the concept abstraction mechanism in brain for image retrieval;Getting started With AnyLogic and multimethod simulation modeling;What is Intelli-Plan?;Methods for testing and validation of simulation models for engineering applications;Modelling of metabolic processes: bridging the gap between data and process understanding;The state of the art of neurodynamic optimization - past, present and future;and Looking at problems the other way round: engineering applications of inverse simulation based on continuous system simulation methods.
Rand Model Designer (RMD) is a modeling environment that supports Model Vision Language, an object-oriented modeling language for hybrid-DAE systems. Model Vision Language allows describing the continuous-time part of the model combining the use of equations (i.e., a causal modeling) and sequences of assignment statements. The hybrid behavior is described using behavior charts (B-chart). A B-chart is a diagram consisting of modes, transitions internal to the modes and transitions between modes. The activity of the mode is specified by a local class (the so-called activity class of the mode) that describes the system structure and behavior while in this mode. The system of equations that describes the complete model at certain time is automatically built by RMD at run time. Every time a transition takes place (i.e., the model structure changes), RMD constructs the mathematical description of the actual model, eliminates the redundant variables and trivial equations resulting from component connections, analyzes the model solvability and structure, selects the best-suited numerical method and generates the input to this numerical method. This approach provides high flexibility in the description of variable structure models. This feature is demonstrated using variable structure models arisen in two different applications. The first application is the run-time change in the selection of the model state variables. Support for several selections of the state variables is typically required in interactive simulations. The second application is the description of systems with variable behavior. The model of an industrial boiler is used to illustrate the description of this type of variable structure models.
A tool for battery system virtual prototyping based on an empirical model and a database has been developed. Battery cell characteristics are gathered and correlated with specific scaling laws, then used to build a battery pack meeting a set of target requirements. The corresponding pack model is then created to be used in a system simulation platform to evaluate the vehicle behavior with prototyped virtual battery pack. The methodology has been applied and validated in two test cases: Li-ion cell sizing and EV pack sizing.
Automotive high voltage components are developed and tested independently regardless to the system they are implemented in. The first system test is not performed before all components are implemented in a real car setup. This paper describes a modelling and simulation method to verify the intra system compatibility of each component to ensure their proper operation regarding control loop stability and EMC within the high voltage grid. The models used are gained from real component measurements to create a black-box equivalent containing sufficient information for a system simulation without requesting too much information which is under supplier's intellectual property.
The emerging Long Term Evolution-Advanced (LTE-A) standard promises improvements in throughput and reduction in costs-per-bit, through use of techniques, such as, relaying and coordinated multipoint (CoMP) transmission and reception. The inherent self-backhauling of relays nodes makes them an attractive solution in areas where backhaul is either unavailable or costly. However, the performance of the backhaul relay link limits overall performance of relay systems, particularly for relays deployed in the cell edge. In this paper, we propose CoMP-enhancements in order to relax the relay link bottleneck. We study this proposed approach through system simulations of a selected realistic deployment scenario. The results demonstrate that use of a quantized co-phasing (QCP) CoMP technique provides significant signal- to-interference-plus- noise-ratio (SINR) gains and end-to-end throughput improvements for user equipment connected to the relays, even with simple scheduling techniques.
This paper discusses changing requirements for tap changer controllers in distribution grids with high penetration of renewable generation. Furthermore, a new tap changer controller approach based on a power flow dependent voltage set point curve using hysteresis is introduced. This novel concept is simulated and compared to conventional as well as alternative tap changer controller algorithms by power system simulation.
A constant average output current flyback LED driver without auxiliary windings, opto-couplers or output voltage feedback resistors is proposed. A novel on-chip feedback method through parasitic capacitor of the power MOS to detect demagnetizing time of the magnetizing inductor is used in the driver. The proposed scheme reduces the cost and improves the compaction of flyback LED drivers. The driver possesses over output voltage protection and short circuit protection on the basis of the demagnetizing time detection method. The system simulation results for a typical application show the functions of the LED driver meet the specification. Moreover, the demagnetizing time error was detected to be less than 0.6% and the average output current error is 4.43% at the worst case.
For reliable operation of power system protective relays, it is very important to distinguish between a fault, a stable power swing (power swing with decaying magnitude) and an unstable power swing (power swing with increasing magnitude). The traditional power swing detection schemes used in distance relay operation are not efficient enough in most cases. This paper proposes an artificial neural network (ANN) based scheme for power swing detection and classification. A simple 2 generator 4 feeder system was considered for simulations and the impedance loci for different fault conditions and swings were plotted. PSCAD-EMTDC power system simulation platform was used for this part. ANN based swing detection and classification systems using Learning Vector Quantization and Probabilistic Neural Network algorithm was designed in MATLAB environment with the simulation data. Experimental results establish that the proposed system can classify different faults and swings accurately. Thus, if incorporated within a smart energy management system,this system can be of great use for reliable and accurate operation of protective relays, even under power swing condition.
Evaluating the performance of a computer system requires the use of representative workloads. Therefore it is customary to use recorded job traces in simulations to evaluate the performance of proposed parallel job schedulers. We argue that this practice retains unimportant attributes of the workload, at the expense of other more important attributes. Specifically, using traces in open-system simulations retains the exact timestamps at which jobs are submitted. But in a real system these times depend on how users react to the performance of previous jobs, and it is more important to preserve the logical structure of dependencies between jobs than the specific timestamps. Using dependency information extracted from traces, we show how a simulation can preserve these dependencies. To do so we also extract user behavior, in terms of sessions and think times between the termination of one batch of jobs and the submission of a subsequent batch.
Smart Grid is expected to improve the reliability and efficiency while reducing the carbon footprint of energy sector. The incorporation of renewable generations at customer premises is a viable method to increase the renewable component of generation in Smart Grid. However, the random and intermittent nature of power generation is an inherent challenge for the operation of power grids with high penetration of renewable generation. Coordinating the operation of Distributed Energy Resources (DER) that includes controllable loads and storage too to achieve Virtual Power Plant (VPP) functionality has yielded amicable results in mitigating these fluctuations. This, in turn, could enable effective market participation by domestic consumers through an aggregator who can estimate the day's renewable generation pattern and coordinate the operation of DER to meet utility's Demand Response (DR) needs effectively. Such operation requires the exchange of significant volume of information between aggregator and consumers. By utilizing public data networks to exchange control and system information, the cost of implementing such operation could be reduced significantly. This paper reports the results of a co-simulation study that analyzed the feasibility of implementing VPP functionality through a coordinated control scheme implemented using a LTE network Successful such implementations enable an aggregator to participate in a DR program that demands the control of active power flow in the distribution feeder. The simulation platform developed for this study comprises a real-time power system simulation set-up and a commercial LTE based communication network.
Tactical and emergency-response networks require efficient communication without a managed infrastructure. Recent work demonstrates that applying information-centric paradigms to the tactical edge can provide performance benefits over traditional address centric approaches. We propose SOCRATIC (SOCial RATe control for Information Centric networks), an approach that unifies replication and network coding to disseminate content by taking advantage of social content and context heuristics. SOCRATIC replicates network encoded blocks according to a popularity index metric that is shared during neighbor discovery. The number of encoded blocks that is relayed to a node depends on its own interest in a data object and its social popularity, i.e., how often and for how long the node meets other nodes. These blocks are subsequently replicated towards the subscriber if a stable path exists. We evaluate an implementation of SOCRATIC through network emulation of a tactical scenario and demonstrate that it can achieve better performance than traditional socially agnostic approaches.
In this paper, a distributed fault detection method is developed for a class of interconnected nonlinear uncertain systems. The interconnection between neighboring subsystems is unknown, but assumed to be bounded by a function of system states, inputs and outputs. A fault detection component is designed for each subsystem in the interconnected system by utilizing local measurements and certain communicated information from neighboring fault detection components associated with subsystems that are directly interconnected to the particular subsystem under consideration. Under certain assumptions, adaptive thresholds for distributed fault detection in each subsystem are derived, ensuring robustness with respect to interconnections among subsystems and system modeling uncertainty. Moreover, the fault detectability condition is rigorously investigated, characterizing the class of faults in each subsystem that are detectable by the proposed method. A multimachine power system simulation example is used to illustrate the effectiveness of the method.
Annotation - For a variety of parametric and nonparametric tests, designed to test hypotheses of randomness or absence of a trend the distribution of statistics were investigated with Monte-Carlo algorithm, corresponding to the truth of the hypothesis under test in accordance with sample sizes. Procedure of interactive simulation of statistic distributions tests is proposed and implemented that allowed to apply the relevant test correctly in conditions of violation of standard assumptions. The results of comparative analysis of power of the tests against competing hypotheses hypothesis with different models of linear trend, conclusions about preferability of using a particular test are made.
In this paper we show a solution for self frequency spectrum constriction of two terminal circuits based on microstrip lines. The designed method is based on using nonuniform transmission lines and is approved by agreement between theoretical calculation and electromagnetic (EM) software simulations. A maximum frequency deviation between calculated results and EM simulation corresponds to 1.7 MHz only at gigahertz ranges and allows one to create a high frequency filter design with more than 40 dB wide stopband signal amplitude suppression.
This paper investigates a novel algorithm based on the Bump and Jump technique, capable of detecting and recovering from possible false lock events during the acquisition stage of BOC(1,1) Signals. Indeed the traditional Bump and Jump technique might lead to a false lock, in particular in harsh scenarios affected by strong multipath. Concerning this undesired event, an analysis of False Lock probability is provided to assess the goodness of the new approach w.r.t. the traditional Bump and Jump algorithm. The new algorithm is compared to the classical one, providing statistics on the False Locks occurrence after the Transition to Tracking stage, given the probability density function of the coarse delays estimated in the Acquisition stage. This analysis has been extensively assessed by means of a semi-analytic MATLAB? simulator, representative of the Acquisition and Transition to Tracking stages of a GNSS Ground Receiver. Two different multipath models have been considered applicable to the Reference Stations context: the two rays ground multipath and diffuse multipath. A preliminary assessment with a GNSS signals simulator and a receiver prototype are also included so as to demonstrate the applicability of the software simulation results to both Bump and Jump methods.
For a complex system with the working point range changing, large delay and other characteristics, it has a certain degree of difficulty to be controlled. The usage of multi-model to deal with this kind of control system issues is effective. In this paper, we focus on proposing the different conditions using different models and multi-model internal model control method. According to different local models design corresponding local controllers, it can be obtained by weighting the membership functions to achieve a global multi-model and a global controller. Multiple system simulation results of temperature reduction system show that the proposed control method has better control performance, and it is a viable method for dealing with such problems.
Practical training in ship oil purifier systems have lots of limitations. Most of the simulation system is given priority to hardware simulation and it isn't convenient to use. It's necessary to help students to master the application of oil purifier system by designing software simulation platform. The article uses the oil purifier system of a thousands of container ship COSCO PACIFIC as the simulation object. By using VC++ technology to simulate the operation of the ship oil purifier function, the system established oil purifier simulation system mathematical model, realized control unit EPC50 logic control and designed the system interface. By operating the system, it shows that the mathematical model is accurate and the system can comprehensively and realistically reflect the working condition and the actual dynamic-process of oil purifier system.
This paper shows comparative performance between Fuzzy Logic controller(FLC) and Proportional Integral Derivative controller (PTDC) on an Interleaved Soft Switching Boost converter(ISSBC) with R load. The output has been evaluated by software simulation using Matlab/Simulink. The controllers performance are compared based on dynamic performance in terms of voltage deviation, settling time and steady state error.
The following topics are dealt with: industrial engineering;engineering management;decision analysis;operations research;quality control;quality management;service innovation;supply chain management;manufacturing system;technology management;knowledge management;information processing;healthcare system;intelligent systems;system modeling;system simulation;project management;human factor;production planning;production control;e-business;e-commerce;reliability;management engineering;safety;security;and risk management.
This paper aims to demonstrate a simulation-optimization modeling approach to examine the efficiency of a mathematical model in Optimization of Multi-Commodities Consumer Supply Chain (MCCSC) - Modeling. Simulation is one of the most widely used tools in model validation. It enables identifying system's behaviors under different circumstances. To this end, in the present work, a supply chain system simulation model is developed within the context of production-distribution (P-D) decision making. Also, taking into account real-life constraints, an integrated MCCSC case study is created to predict the consequences of variable changes. The performance of the model is then evaluated using SimEvents toolbox in conjunction with Simulink toolbox of MALAB. Finally, Genetic Algorithms are utilized to minimize the total cost of the entire system.
This article discusses the use of a Permanent Magnet Synchronous Generator (PMSG) for wind energy production and injection of the electrical energy produced in a network. The objective is to perform modeling and nonlinear control system, and then the objective of the control is: enforcing power factor correction (PFC) with respect to the power grid. First, model mathematics of the whole system studying is developed in the Park's coordinates. Thereafter control strategies PFC is used to inject power into a grid while keeping a very good power factor. The control strategy is mainly based on the backstepping technique. A formal analysis based on Lyapunov stability is developed to describe the control system performances. To demonstrate the performance of methods, some results of the overall system simulations are presented under MATLAB / Simulink software.
Current communication technologies at the microwave band are insufficient to meet the exponential increase in wireless data demands, essentially due to scarcity in bandwidth. Millimeter wave (mmW) offers a potential means to fulfill such soaring demands with wide bandwidth and beamforming capabilities. In this paper we investigate the mmW heterogeneous network (HetNet) capacity operating at 28GHz and 73GHz by system simulations, in both the 3GPP scenario and Munich urban city. Two types of control channel modes for pico cell coverage are analyzed. Simulation results show that control signaling at microwave band provides better coverage, while data communications at the mmW band enable up to multi-Tbps/km2 system capacity, which is also dependent on the pico-user association. It is found that in both scenarios the capacity gain of 73GHz over 28GHz is in the range of 7~10-fold under the same user-pico association.
This paper aim at evaluating wideband channel characterization of 60 GHz radio frequency that is used for short range high speed data transmission. We observe an RMS delay spread of 60 GHz channel using radio propagation software simulation base on ray tracing algorithm. Three different rooms is taken into account for our experiment. Detail room size, dimension, and material are considered in the simulation to find RMS delay spread, coherence bandwidth, and finally the performance of the channel in which Gbps of data were transmitted through this channel.
For improving the economic benefit of the generation unit with ACC (air-cooled condenser) in summer season, a peak-load condenser system was updated for the ACC system. Optimization of the peak-load condenser operation was studied using the site test and system simulation methods. Based on the site test data, certain characteristic performance parameter was calculated such as cleaniness factor and etc. Final optimized operation scheme was studied using the simulation software for various ambient conditions. It is shown that, based on the current equipment conditions, for most of the weather conditions except for winter, the peak-load condenser with one cooling pump in operation can improve the unit performance.
PSS/E is the power system simulation software that widely used on North American, and possesses powerful user-defined function. The static VAr compensator (SVC) is an important device for reactive power compensation. The CSVGN5 SVC, which is ready-made in PSS/E and widely used in western United States, and a modified SVC which is referenced the model in BPA, are built by means of user-defined function in PSS/E. Through the comparison of dynamic simulation results, the correctness and practicability of the proposed user-defined SVC model is validated.
A hybrid system utilizes several energy sources to generate electricity. This paper proposes combination of two renewable energies i.e. micro-hydro and photovoltaic for energy independent village application in Dusun Mergosari, Pesawaran Indah Village, Pesawaran Regency, Lampung Province. Previously, the village was only supplied by one micro-hydro generator through a long feeder line with high voltage drop along the line. In this work, an optimal placement and size of photovoltaic system is identified and studied through software simulation. The obtained results show that installation of a PV system improves grid's performances in terms of lower voltage drop and power losses. About 9.5% to 31% voltage improvements were observed in accordance with PV System installation.
Hybrid renewable energy systems (HRES) have become more and more popular, especially for isolated regions. Various renewable energy resources are utilised to produce energy for different usage. This paper discusses the design of HRES for the Ha'apai island group. Possible renewable resources for electricity generation are investigated and the optimum system configuration at the lowest capital expenditure is obtained by HOMER software. Moreover, an analysis of the impact on diesel price and renewable penetration to HRES is presented, and the feasible option for Ha'apai is derived from system simulation.
A novel approach to the implementation of interactive virtual-labs is proposed. The model and the view of the virtual-lab are described in Modelica language, and the virtual-lab is ran using Dymola. To achieve this goal, a systematic methodology to transform any Modelica model into a formulation suitable for interactive simulation has been developed. In addition, VirtualLabBuilder Modelica library has been programmed. This library contains a set of ready-to-use Modelica models of visual interactive elements (i.e., containers, animated geometric shapes and interactive controls), that allows easy creation of the virtual-lab view. This approach has two strong points. Firstly, it allows taking advantage of the Modelica capabilities for multi-domain modeling and for model reuse. In particular, existing Modelica libraries for modeling of physical systems can be reused in order to build the virtual-lab models. Secondly, VirtualLabBuilder library allows performing an object-oriented description of the virtual-lab view, which facilitates its development, maintenance and reuse. The proposed approach is discussed in this manuscript and it is illustrated by means of a case study: the implementation of the virtual-lab of an industrial boiler, intended for education on chemical-process control.
The use of rapid prototyping tools such as MATLAB Simulink and Xilinx System Generator becomes increasingly important because of time-to-market constraints. In this paper, we consider Xilinx System Generator for software simulation and real time implementation on FPGA circuit of a pseudo-random number generator (PRNG) based on unified hyperchaotic system. For this purpose, we propose a new PRNG with good randomness characteristics based on a novel conception where a parameter perturbation control to the input and a special function to the output are used in order to drive the unified hyperchaotic system to the PRNG. The design was implemented targeting a Virtex-5 FPGA device (XC5VFX70T- 1FFG1136).
In this work the air quality control problem is formalized through a two-objective approach. The objectives considered are (a) the emission reduction cost and (b) the Air Quality Index. The control variables are the precursor emission reductions due to application of available technologies. The nonlinear relationship linking air quality objective and precursor emissions is described by artificial neural networks, identified by processing deterministic Chemical Transport Modeling system simulations. This paper presents the comparison of the optimization problem results computed by means of different procedures: the Sequential Quadratic Programming and the Simulating Annealing. The test case of a polluted domain in Northern Italy is shown.
Starting from the “Industry 4.0” concept, this work aims to develop an event-condition-action (ECA) based structure to control intelligent manufacturing systems (IMS). RFID technology is used as a main component to gather data from shop floor. This data is used to control product routing among workstations and to control systems agents (robot's arms for example). The whole system has OPC based architecture.
RF system simulation constitutes a practical tool in radar receivers design. In fact, a particular type of simulation called “budget” is very useful in RF system design of modern digital radar receive systems. Starting with low noise amplifier (LNA) and ending with analog to digital converter (ADC), these systems can be presented in a synthetic format. A typical modern radar receiver is first presented and described stage by stage. Subsequently, some design considerations are discussed. Finally, simulation results are presented and commented.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in female. Accuracy of breast biopsy intervention is necessary for the certain breast cancer diagnosis. Many breast navigation systems have been developed in the past time to cope with this uncertainty, however, the worthwhile accuracy could not yet reach due to the breast deformation during the intervention. The concept of breast mathematical model to simulate breast deformation and guide the breast biopsy intervention is proposed in this paper. The real-time and the accuracy of the model are the critical requirements to use the model with the breast biopsy navigation. The breast model is constructed by simplify the continuous breast tissues into finite point-masses system with specific stiffness and damp on linkages between masses. The mesh alignments are arbitrary base on evidence of the tissue's microstructure. The mass-spring method is used for implementation the point-masses and their linkages. The experimental system simulation for using model with real-time breast biopsy navigation was setup on a constructed massspring system of 2D breast phantom. The experiment was performed to proof the core concept of the proposed breast model to be use as a key component for our full-robotic breast biopsy navigation.
A metamaterial based new microstrip patch antenna design is presented for multiband applications. Metamaterials provide unique features of obtaining high directional gain and miniaturization. Herein, square, hexagonal and star shaped patches have been designed over a Complementary Strip Ring Resonator loaded reactive impedance surface (CSR-RIS). The CSR-RIS unit cell is studied with reflection phase diagram using computer simulation technology (CST). Further, three patches with optimized dimensions are investigated. The comparison has been done among all three CSR-RIS patch antennas. CSR-RIS or metamaterial based star patch antenna array with 5 elements provided high gain of 10.6dBi respectively. Proposed antennas can be used for designing low weight receivers for airborne synthetic aperture radar (SAR) system.
Nowadays many engineered systems are modelled and simulated before their production. A common problem is that all modules and properties of complex systems cannot be modelled within only one simulation suite because they require different (proprietary) simulation software. This makes it desirable to be able to simulate a whole system simulation as cooperating simulation modules. To be efficient the communication between the modules has to be fast and must not be a bottleneck. In this paper we propose a theoretical concept to connect heterogeneous simulation modules. We utilize the mechanism of optimistic scheduling but expand it by using a heuristic to fast determine values. Our concept uses the rollback known from time warp mechanism. A module needs a certain amount of input data to process and when this data is not present at the given time of processing we use the heuristic to get all missing data. With these two enhancements we can limit the amount of rollbacks while speeding up the processing time of the whole system simulation.
Abstractions of experimental frame components with respect to simulation objectives are discussed with a hybrid system simulation application. Validity assessment through behavioural compatibility criteria described by the trace inclusion framework is given. The simulation objectives are associated with modelling abstractions by such a framework and described in established modeling & simulation framework. Consistent abstractions from hierarchically ordered posets for stimulant and observer models in experimental frame are discussed. A landing gear example is taken and testability through primary experimental frame component abstractions was observed for the given simulation requirements. The formal framework under development is briefly discussed at the end in the context of applicability and derivability of experimental frame and fidelity of simulation.
This paper describes the model of a management system for distribution networks including Distributed Generation GD elements. The proposed model is based on the use of labeled target function of distributed generation setting an order of priority to certain users (pro users) of the network, in terms of location and power dispatch rights. By means of software simulations the zoning of protections on different points in the network is assessed. The system modeling is performed through the Unified Modeling Language (UML) in ASTAH Community.
In practical applications, the signal we deal with is usually a finite duration one. Continuous prolate spheroidal wave functions (PSWFs) were proposed by Slepian and are useful for analyzing the characters of the finite duration continuous Fourier transform. Based on the PSWF, the finite fractional Fourier transform was developed. In this paper, for digital signal processing application, we derive discrete-to-discrete prolate spheroidal wave functions. Then, we define the finite duration discrete fractional Fourier transform (fi-DFRFT) based on it. We can use the fi-DFRFT for filter design, multiplexing, modulation, encryption, and optical system simulation. The fi-DFRFT has the advantage of less complexity and is useful for deal with the noise that is chirp-like and finite duration.
Based on the background of the virtual simulation system technology, design of 3D scene in the simulation system of a cutter suction dredger analyzes the key technology of the design of 3D scene in the virtual dredging system. It introduces the general ideas, relevant principles and the key technology on 3D modeling, texture mapping, lighting and rendering.
Start-up marks are considered as one of the major defect in woven fabric, it occurs when the loom is restarted after loom stoppage due to various reasons. This defect is more prominent in high speed weaving looms especially with elastic warp yarns and is caused to deteriorate the fabric quality. This research paper deals with the mathematical analysis of the startup mark generation in elastic tape on narrow fabric loom. Mathematical analysis was carried out for both continuous operation condition and under stopping condition of the narrow fabric loom. A system simulation was carried out using the model developed and compared with the experimental results to show the accuracy of the model.
This paper is about system simulation and co-simulation issues such as interoperability. The Functional Mock-up Interface (FMI1) which is proposed as an interoperability standard has been studied in the field of the building energy systems to make an effective co-simulation of different models with heterogeneous time constants. A chaining algorithm based on scalar value exchanges is presented. Our experimental building (PREDIS Smart Building) has been modeled in different software environments for the thermal behaviour of the skin and for the heating and ventilation system. These models are loosely coupled with a same or a different temporal discretization. The results are about coupling mechanisms and their implementation using FMI standard. Moreover, for advanced coupling strategies, encountered difficulties and FMI specifications lacks are highlights.
Modeling and simulation are essential for the development and assessment of new technologies for complex cyber-physical systems, both in academia and industry. One particular instance of such complex systems are novel energy systems. They comprise a variety of heterogeneous physical domains (electricity, thermal, gas, etc.), modeled as time continuous dynamic systems, and time discrete communication and control systems. Tools and solutions based on co-simulation concepts for such cyber-physical energy systems (CPES) have been developed in recent years. This paper focuses on the need for real-time hardware integration into CPES simulation, identified from recently conducted research projects. From those projects - presented as use cases - relevant actors are identified and their interaction and data exchange is discussed. Resulting requirements are presented for the CPES simulation and the hardware to be integrated. The handling of heterogeneous laboratory hardware is discussed and a simplification in the form of a hardware abstraction layer is proposed.
In this paper we present Memory Built-In Self-Test (MBIST) diagnosis methodologies for failure analysis of time-dependent breakdown due to gate oxide breakdown (GOBD) and backend time-dependent dielectric breakdown (BTDDB) in an SRAM array. First, a Built-In Self-Test (BIST) system and algorithm detect the breakdown mechanisms and identify the locations of the faulty sites in SRAM cells. Then, probabilities of failure are estimated for BTDDB and GOBD by matching the observed failure rate from BIST and the expected failure distribution functions from system simulations under realistic use scenarios, with different simulated failure rates for BTDDB and GOBD.
In this paper a communication system for CubeSats in formation to operate in the vicinity of the Lunar Lagrangian L1 is proposed. CubeSats will collect lunar scientific data and will perform surface observations. An improved low complexity CDMA system for CubeSats for communications between the Lunar L1 and Earth station is considered. The complexity of a coded CDMA transmitter is lower than the complexity of the CDMA receiver with decoder therefore for downlink communications it makes sense to use encoders such as space standard LDPC code followed by a spread spectrum transmitter for CDMA systems for CubeSats. For the uplink an uncoded CDMA system is chosen since the uplink transmit power is expected to be high enough to support the use of uncoded CDMA system. The uncoded CDMA yields receivers for CubeSats that have low complexity implementation. For uplink since there would be no multipath the use of orthogonal spreading codes is more appropriate. The choice of orthogonal codes would reduce the multiuser interference at CubeSats. For the downlink, based on the available bandwidth, and the data rates, a reasonable processing gain could be obtained. Thus the multiuser interference degradation due to the other CubeSats could be made small at the Earth station. In this paper we analyzed and simulated the proposed improved CDMA system for a concept Constellation of CubeSats. All system simulations are done using Simulink Matlab platform. For highly efficient nonlinear power amplifiers we use a filtered offset QPSK with phase modulation which is a CCSDS standard for constant envelope signaling. This allows a nonlinear amplifier at CubeSat to operate at saturation point for the highest efficiency. We compare the difference in performance with our current pulse shaped BPSK (using half-sine wave). Certainly if there is no bandwidth limitation (due to the spectral standard masking) we could as well use unfiltered rectangular pulses which would produce constant envelope sig- aling. But it seems that rectangular pulses will not satisfy the bandwidth limitation imposed by the spectral standard. Filtered offset QPSK with phase modulation is much more bandwidth efficient scheme.
Nowadays in high-power industrial processes, multipulse cycloconverters are the most commonly used converter for high power mill drives. This paper propose an analysis of the interharmonics currents behavior under an unbalanced load, injected by a Cycloconverters (CCVs) with 12- pulse configuration and multi-winding transformers. Three-phase transformers with two secondary windings with star and delta connection and a three-phase RL load with a decoupled direct current load control are used to simulate the system. The prototype of the power system is embedded on a real-time simulator. Performance is tested on a digital real-time power system simulation (RTDS) and results are analyzed with external equipment and compared with theory.
The Northwest National Marine Renewable Energy Center (NNMREC), a US Department of Energy (USDOE) Center headquartered at Oregon State University (OSU), seeks to facilitate the integration of marine renewables onto the utility grid. This paper presents NNMREC's approach to streamlining the research, development and testing process to enable wave energy converter (WEC) array-to-grid transmission systems. The WEC development process tools and facilities are presented, including modeling, scaled laboratory and wave tank testing as well as field testing. The NNMREC ocean testing solutions include scaled non-grid connected facilities as well as developing utility-scale cable-to-shore grid emulator and grid-connect facilities. This paper concludes with the NNMREC cable-to-shore site grid integration configuration along with a high-level array-to-grid transmission system simulation.
This paper describes how user-specific QoS requirements may improve spectral utilization in heterogeneous networks. Throughput improvements of FTP (File Transfer Protocol) applications benefiting from the rate adaptation and MAC scheduling algorithms for video applications that incorporate user-specific QoS to improve system capacity are demonstrated. These improvements are achieved while user satisfaction for video applications, as measured by the Mean Opinion Score (MOS), is maintained at an acceptable level. OPNET system simulations were performed for a set of FTP users and video users that were assigned specific QoS target levels in LTE systems. Simulation results show that significant system capacity improvements and acceptable MOS levels can be achieved for FTP users and video users, respectively, if such user-specific QoS requirements are considered in heterogeneous networks.
To understand security vulnerabilities of communication protocols used in power systems, a real-time framework can be developed to conduct vulnerability studies. The framework should implement protection mechanisms against vulnerabilities and study their effectiveness. In this paper, a realtime cyber-physical framework or test bed is presented. It integrates a real-time power system simulator and a communication system simulator to study the cyber and physical system vulnerabilities in smart power grids. The power system simulation is implemented using the Real-Time Digital Simulator (RTDS?) power grid simulator, with LabVIEW and PXI modules that simulate the supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) system and intelligent electronic devices (IEDs). The communication system simulation is implemented using Opnet's System-in-the-Loop (SITL) simulator and open source Linux tools and servers. Results of two cyber-attacks on the Modbus/TCP protocol are discussed and improvements to the test bed for protocol attack detection and mitigation are proposed.
The cyclic redundancy check (CRC) is a popular error detection code (EDC) used in many digital transmission and storage protocols. Most existing digit-serial hardware CRC computation architectures are based on one of the two well-known bit-serial CRC linear feedback shift register (LFSR) architectures. In this paper, we present and investigate a generalized CRC formulation that incorporates negative degree terms. Through software simulations, we identify useful formulations that result in reduced time and/or area complexity CRC circuits compared to the existing non-retimed approaches. Implementation results on an Altera field-programmable gate array (FPGA) device are reported. We conclude that the proposed approach is most effective when the digit size is greater than the generator polynomial degree.
We study the software simulation of physical properties of underwater communications, namely, underwater acoustic waves and (de)modulation of underwater acoustic digital data signals. We take into account the mobility of nodes, present in underwater sensor networks. We also consider the integration with protocol layers above the physical layer, i.e., the link and network layers. In this context, mobility is relevant because there are underwater vehicles and environmental conditions causing displacements of sensors. Attenuation is sensitive to transmitter-receiver separation distance. Because of mobility, this separation distances is variable. Our simulation approach is based on the work of Borrowski (2010). The physical layer is modeled as MATLAB functions. As a function of distance and frequency, the model takes into account attenuation, noise and their effects on a phase-shift keying signal. We use OMNeT++ to model link and network layer protocols. The MATLAB functions and OMNet++ models are linked together. While MATLAB does particularly well with signal processing, OMNeT++ addresses better the protocols placed in the link layer and above.
Smart energy systems are a promising choice for countries worldwide to handle the challenges predicted in the next decades. With the will to participate in this development technology providers create a plethora of custom system solutions. While traditional equipment can be evaluated using power system simulations, the impact of components with complex communication and responsive behavior is hard to measure and evaluate. In this work we introduce a co-simulation framework, which is developed to analyse properties of custom smart grid solutions. We combine classical power system simulations, reactive smart grid components coupled to actors and use CIM as an intermediate model. Our actor connection to SCADA allows to efficiently run large-scale co-simulation experiments to evaluate the behavior of custom components under real environment or duplicate real systems to analyse scalability and emergent properties of new solutions.
The Control Systems course is taught in educational electric engineering programs all over the world. The method used for teaching this course is mainly by mathematical representation and software simulation of systems' behavior. In this work the author presents a different approach, which is based on making hands-on experimental applications. The solution presented in this article is based on decomposing and re-arranging the transfer function representation of a dynamic system in order to implement it using electronic circuits. Combining the presented method with a popular simulation software leads to the implementation of practical and effective laboratory classes for this course.
This paper presents the incorporation of a residential alarm system into a low cost industrial integrated security system able to secure and control electric supply installations used to power vital industrial consumers such as hospitals, HVAC (heating, ventilation and air conditioning), safety lighting, security locks of gates and doors or, why not, police precincts and fire departments. The proposed adapted alarm system is designed to exceed the functions of a basic residential security system. The new feature of this modified alarm system consists in its capability to monitor and report the electric faults occurring in the power grid of vital consumers to a cell phone or tablet. Their electric power supply drawn from independent sources of electricity connected to the national power system in distinctive points or from dedicated emergency electric sources (dedicated power generators). The presented alarm system consists of the following components: system simulation platform of the functioning of the automatic transfer switch, residential alarm panel and keypad, communication module. The electric power supply of the vital consumers implies an automatic transfer switch (ATS) that, upon the disconnection resulted due to a defect, switches the vital consumers' connection to another power source. The automatic transfer switch may be rapid or on a preset timer. When the ATS is triggered in the rapid response mode, as a result of a fault in the electric network, the transfer is performed only if the main source has been disconnected and the electric power reserve has the minimum value of the permissible operating voltage. The timed ATS transfer is performed when the main source voltage level drops below a certain preset value called threshold voltage.
This paper presents challenges associated with the assessment and testing of fault ride-through (FRT) compliance for intermittent power generation, in particular wind and solar generation in the Australian National Electricity Market. Examples discussed in this paper focus on wind farm applications. The same principles, however, hold true for other intermittent generation technologies such as solar generation. Two aspects of compliance are discussed, namely, adherence to technical performance requirements and accuracy of model data subsequently used for undertaking power system simulations. Analytical assessment of compliance through simulation studies and the impact of positive-sequence and detailed electromagnetic transient (EMT) models are discussed. On-site demonstration of FRT compliance through long-term monitoring and staged fault testing are presented. Results obtained from each method are compared against simulation studies and differences between measurements and simulations are discussed.
This paper presents a new course, Radionavigation Systems, whose laboratory and theoretical components complement each other to enhance student learning. Radionavigation skills and knowledge are taught by means of various instructional methods, and the laboratory successfully merges hands-on learning using specific instrumentation and software simulation tools, with m-learning and a competition. The relationship between cognitive and psychomotor learning outcomes is discussed. These instructional methods proved highly motivating to students. Oral presentations and report preparation skills also improved in students who completed the course. The experiments designed for the course are discussed in the light of student surveys, student grades, and the work carried out by the lecturer. The evaluation results demonstrate a high degree of success in meeting the initial goals of the course. The main drawback of the current course is related to equipment availability. Student motivation was high throughout the course. The course as designed is transferable to other universities.
This paper focuses on a new approach to model photovoltaic (PV) solar modules based on symmetric-shifted Gompertz functions. This solution significantly reduces the number of fitting parameters, convergence problems, and computational costs in comparison with previous modeling. The entire I-V curve is provided, as well as relevant nonlinear relations between environmental and electrical variables. A comparison with previous approaches has also been included in this paper, discussing the relevant advantages of the proposed technique with respect to previously published solutions. Real data from CdTe thin-film and Si PV power plants have been used to assess this new nonlinear model. The proposed solution can also be applied to check the active power generated by PV modules based on the expected datasheet values provided by the manufacturers. This alternative process avoids the necessity of removing and analyzing the solar modules in a laboratory environment.
This paper presents a method to determine suitable countermeasures against emerging aperiodic small disturbance rotor angle (ASD) instability. The method utilizes stability indicators, computed in real time, to define a criterion for ASD stability. Sensitivities of these stability indicators are then determined and used to identify the most influential nodes for countermeasures. To increase the computational speed, only nodes visited by a self-propagating graph, rooted at the vulnerable generator, will have their sensitivities calculated. The steady state voltages after a given countermeasure are then determined, using a grid transformation coefficient (GTC) and a numerical, iterative solution to an equation system. The stability criteria can then be assessed to evaluate the sufficiency of a suggested countermeasure. The method is demonstrated on a synthetic 8-bus network and a 464-bus model of the Western Denmark transmission grid. The method successfully demonstrates its ability to efficiently identify and evaluate countermeasures for a large, practical system.
High net load variability, driven by high penetrations of wind and solar generation, will create challenges for system operators in the future, as installed wind generation capacities increase to unprecedented levels globally. Maintaining system reliability, particularly at shorter time-scales, leads to increased levels of conventional plant starts and ramping, and higher levels of wind curtailment, with sub-hourly unit commitment and economic dispatch required to capture the increased cycling burden. The role of energy storage in reducing operating costs and enhancing system flexibility is explored, with key storage plant characteristics for balancing at this time-scale identified and discussed in relation to existing and emerging grid-scale storage technologies. Unit dispatches for the additional storage plant with varying characteristics highlight the unsuitability of energy only markets in incentivizing suitable levels of flexibility for future systems with high net load variability.
Vibration of electrodes in operation strongly affects the efficiency of the electric arc furnace (EAF) fed by ac current during the steel smelting process. Therefore, an effective control of the structural dynamics through an active system is a current goal of the “intelligent manufacturing” approach. A vertical position control applied to each electrode allows keeping the arc length almost constant and reduces the effects of some electromechanical actions due to the mutual magnetic induction among the three electric phases. Nevertheless, control action needs for a detailed model of the whole system dynamic behavior. A new method for modeling the equipment behavior and somehow the process was implemented. A key issue was including into the model all the electromechanical coupling effects occurring in this system and suitably linking to the structural dynamics. Modeling activity was performed by resorting to the multibody dynamics and the finite-element method, while some analytical formulations were used to describe both the electric arc behavior and the control. A preliminary validation on a real plant was performed as far as the huge size of the system allowed and an assessment of the mechanical design of the EAF was completed.
Within industrial automation systems, three-dimensional (3-D) vision provides very useful feedback information in autonomous operation of various manufacturing equipment (e.g., industrial robots, material handling devices, assembly systems, and machine tools). The hardware performance in contemporary 3-D scanning devices is suitable for online utilization. However, the bottleneck is the lack of real-time algorithms for recognition of geometric primitives (e.g., planes and natural quadrics) from a scanned point cloud. One of the most important and the most frequent geometric primitive in various engineering tasks is plane. In this paper, we propose a new fast one-pass algorithm for recognition (segmentation and fitting) of planar segments from a point cloud. To effectively segment planar regions, we exploit the orthonormality of certain wavelets to polynomial function, as well as their sensitivity to abrupt changes. After segmentation of planar regions, we estimate the parameters of corresponding planes using standard fitting procedures. For point cloud structuring, a z-buffer algorithm with mesh triangles representation in barycentric coordinates is employed. The proposed recognition method is tested and experimentally validated in several real-world case studies.
In this work we consider the multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) interference broadcast channel (IBC) and analyse the performance of interference alignment (IA) under imperfect channel state information (CSI), where the variance of the CSI error depends on the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). First, we derive an upper bound on asymptotic mean loss in sum rate compared to the perfect CSI case and then we quantify the achievable degrees of freedom (DoF) with imperfect CSI. Both sum rate loss and achievable DoF are found to be dependent on the number of cells in the system and the amount of users per cell, in addition to the CSI error parameters themselves. Results show that when error variance is inversely proportional to SNR, full DoF are achievable and the asymptotic sum rate loss is bounded by a derived value. Additionally if the CSI imperfection does not disappear for asymptotically high SNR, then the full DoF gain promised by IA cannot be achieved;we quantify this loss in relation to the CSI mismatch itself. The analytically derived bounds are validated via system simulation, with the cellular counterparts of the maximum signal-to-interference-plus-noise ratio (Max-SINR) and the minimum weighted leakage interference (Min-WLI) algorithms being the IA techniques of choice. Secondly, inspired by the CSI mismatch model used to derive the bounds, we present a novel Max-SINR algorithm with stochastic CSI error knowledge (Max-SINR-SCEK) for the MIMO IBC. Simulations show that the proposed algorithm improves performance over the standard one under imperfect CSI conditions, without any additional computational costs.
The automatic German toll system is both a software-intensive system - relying on the on-board units to collect the toll charges due - and a socio-technical system - the user can influence the system behaviour. The overall dynamic system behaviour emerges both from the technical implementation of the system and the users' interaction with the system limiting the effectiveness of common software engineering practices. Simulations are an additional tool to reduce the operational risks and to improve the performance of system development projects. We have developed a realistic microscopic discrete event simulation model of the automatic tolling processes to simulate the overall system behaviour at a scale of 1:1. Taking this model our research investigates the effect of the HGV fleet behaviour on the dynamic system behaviour. To that end the system simulation model is accompanied by a separate model of the HGV driving patterns.
Wind power is developing rapidly as a means of handling the world's energy shortage and associated environmental problems. The Gansu provincial wind energy resources have around 237-GW wind power potential in China. In this paper, a study on key technologies of Hexi 750-kV power transmission line protections has been carried out. The project includes some characteristics, such as large-scale wind power, long-distance EHV lines, and so on. We used 49.5-MW doubly fed induction generator (DFIG) wind turbines in this project and different situations when a fault occurs in the presence of DFIG are studied and investigated. By the aid of stator-flux-oriented vector strategy, the system is modeled in PSCAD/EMTDC software on the basis of the real information from the wind farm site. The fault analysis is studied while the fault location is changed and the crowbar protection is ON/OFF. The data and information have been obtained by field experience of the wind farm in Gansu province. Also, the matrix pencil algorithm has been applied as a novel method in this project. This analysis can ease the protection issues and push the schedule to the next steps. With these results, we are able to adapt our system with smart grids and provide some novel methods to stabilize and control the wind farm.
This paper focuses on collaborative learning and educational languages in order to model collaborative instruction. In a previous work, we carried out and tested a collaborative instructional framework (CIF) based on pedagogical goals of the analysis level of Bloom’s taxonomy named CIF. Besides, we developed a collaborative tool that supports CIF named mobile collaborative argument support (MoCAS). We conducted experiments in the classroom with students and teachers using CIF and MoCAS and we realized that CIF needed to be improved. Our research goal presented in this paper is to improve CIF to make it support interoperability and portability using educational standards in a learning management systems. Therefore, we present the CIF modeled with intelligent manufacturing system standards using the reload learning design and Moodle tools.
The interdisciplinary task of assessing the acoustic characteristics of electrical drive-systems gains importance in traction, industrial and consumer applications. This study presents a universal acoustic modelling framework for efficient, high-quality acoustic modelling of electrical drives. The objective is to make drive acoustic modelling and assessment of an integral part of drive-system design. The approach integrates directly into the general drive-system design process and can be applied to all types of machines (synchronous, induction, switched reluctance and direct current). Inverter-operation-related switching frequencies and spatial machine harmonics are routinely taken into account. The process is applicable to machines with rotor or stator skew as well as to outer-rotor and transversal-flux machines. It combines the two fast and user-interactive steps system simulation and vibration synthesis. The underlying model parameters are obtained via automated offline finite-element simulations based on generic input parameters. This allows using complex electromagnetic and structural models without computation time becoming prohibitive. Application examples are given for permanent magnet synchronous machine traction drives for (hybrid) electric vehicles as well as a for a switched-reluctance auxiliary drive. Simulated run-up spectrograms for structure-borne sound are validated against measurements and operational deflections are presented.
Both power flow states and sensitivities between variables are important information in power system analysis and should be kept consistent before and after equivalence. The general sufficient and necessary condition for sensitivity consistency in equivalent methods is derived. Based on the proposed general condition, it is further derived that Thevenin equivalent method can keep sensitivity consistent before and after equivalence, whereas the specific preconditions for sensitivity consistency are required for the traditional Ward equivalent method and extended Ward equivalent method. These two Ward equivalent methods cannot meet the preconditions in general cases and may lead to significant errors. This conclusion is confirmed by simulation results of the IEEE 39-bus system and an actual power system with 661 buses.
The 11 articles in this special section focus on the deployment of mechatronics for intelligent manufacturing. The articles are dedicated to new advances enabled by mechatronics in modeling, analysis, sensing and control methods, implementation, and validation for advanced manufacturing.
This work presents the design, implementation and tests of an energy conversion system, formed by a Buck converter and a bidirectional DC-DC converter. The system is able to obtain the maximum power from a photovoltaic solar module, using an MPPT algorithm. Besides, the system is capable of, obtaining, storing and delivering energy in an isolated way or interconnected to a DC bus, as defined by the user. This paper also presents the system simulation, as well as its implementation and experimental tests.
The grounded back electrode can reduce the breakdown voltage. Inserting an insulation barrier is an effective way to increase breakdown voltage. The objective of this paper is to investigate the impact of barrier on AC breakdown with back electrode. The breakdown voltage is acquired from the experiments. The electric field distribution at breakdown is also obtained via software simulation. The experiments and analysis for both ???with??? and ???without??? back electrode are performed. From the results, the barrier can effectively increase breakdown voltage, especially for the case with back electrode. Without back electrode, there is only one breakdown trajectory path. The breakdown trajectory is very similar for all breakdown cases without back electrode. However, with back electrode, there are three breakdown trajectory patterns in total. The behaviors of breakdown voltage and electric field vary between different patterns. The analysis indicates that electric field distribution controls breakdown characteristics. The partial discharge (PD) streamers and residual charge induced by the electric field is the key to explain all the phenomena.
This standard defines a common format for the data files and exchange medium needed the interchange of various types of fault, test, and simulation data. The rapid evolution and implementation of digital devices for fault and transient data recording and 
In this work we investigate the degrees of freedom (DoF) performance of the multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) interference channel (IC) with limited channel state information (CSI) feedback. We generalise two space-time interference alignment (STIA) algorithms to the K user MIMO IC with a transmit power constraint and show how these schemes exploit both current and outdated CSI to achieve an improved DoF performance. We show that by combining the STIA schemes with traditional methods major DoF gain can be achieved for a variety of limited CSI feedback scenarios in comparison to what would be obtained via the use of the traditional techniques on their own. In particular we prove that optimal DoF can still be achieved in situations where current CSI is unavailable for a derived fraction of the time. Finally we validate the promised DoF results via system simulation and show how these DoF gains reflect in terms of sum rate achievable.
This paper describes how user-specific QoS requirements are a critical innovation that may be used to improve spectral utilization in wireless systems. Rate adaptation and MAC scheduling algorithms that process user-specific QoS to improve system capacity are proposed and evaluated. Through dynamically adapting the AMR codec mode or video data rate and the MAC scheduling algorithm to the user-specific QoS requirements, system capacity, as measured by the number of supportable users, is maximized, while user satisfaction, as measured by the Mean Opinion Score (MOS), is maintained at an acceptable level. OPNET system simulations were performed for a set of VoIP users and video users that were assigned specific QoS target levels. Simulation results show that significant system capacity improvement and acceptable MOS level can be achieved if such user-specific QoS requirements are considered in the rate adaptation and MAC scheduling algorithms.
The main purpose of the paper is to investigate the effect of state-space modelling fidelity on the small signal stability characteristics of HVDC systems based on Voltage Source Converters (VSCs). For this purpose, a small-signal state-space model of a point-to-point VSC-based HVDC connection, including the dynamics of the ac networks and the converter control loops is developed, and verified by comparison to time responses of a detailed model including the nonlinear effects. Critical modes of the system under worst case operating conditions are investigated by participation factor analysis to show the influence of different states and identify the physical effects associated with the various eigenvalues. The same testcase is investigated by using DigSilent Power Factory (P.F.), as an example of a commercial power system simulation tool, to assess small-signal stability and dynamic behaviour of the system. Thus, the effects of commonly used simplifications for large-scale power system studies on the stability assessment of a VSC-based HVDC transmission scheme are identified, and their influence on the location of critical poles in the system is analysed. The results are used as a basis towards general guidelines on how to assess the results from traditional power system stability studies of networks containing VSC-based transmission schemes and to shed light on the impact of the simplifications on the stability estimate.
Millimeter wave (mm wave) communication has emerged as a promising component of 5G cellular systems. The large losses in the Friis equation (due to the implied small apertures of mm wave antennas) suggest that high gain antennas are required. The high gain also implies steerability is required. Arrays of patch antennas are one possible low cost solution, but each array has a limited angular field of view. Multiple arrays per node can be used to improve the field of view. Choosing the correct antenna configuration requires a complex cost-benefit analysis and performance-complexity tradeoff. In this paper, we investigate these tradeoffs through system simulations. Our study uses ray tracing in 3D deployment scenarios and realistic patch antenna array models. MATLAB-based system simulation results are provided, and conclusions are drawn to provide insight into the performance vs. antenna complexity of a mm wave based system. Some of the key conclusions are: diminishing returns on performance as the number of arrays are increased, and the fact that a smaller number of larger arrays can outperform a larger number of smaller arrays. Iso-element curves are also presented as another way to perform a cost-benefit analysis.
In this paper, we consider the problem of uplink coordinated multi-point (UL CoMP) in a wireless network with non-ideal backhaul links. UL CoMP with joint receivers has the potential to improve both cell-edge and system capacity depending on the deployment environment. Realizing the performance gains from CoMP requires ideally large bandwidth and low-latency backhaul links to do data exchange. Even if backhaul bandwidth is well-provisioned, latencies in the backhaul data exchange protocols could lead to severe performance degradation due to the requirement of strict Ack/Nack timing imposed by the LTE standard [1]. In order to deal with this issue, we propose strategies for adaptive helper cell management in order to entail minimal performance loss across different loading conditions. Using system simulations and detailed performance analysis, we show the advantage of using the proposed approaches with a finite buffer traffic model for a heterogeneous network deployment scenario including a Macro-cell layer and a clustered small-cell layer.
There are several limitations on RSFQ circuit parameters determining their margins in critical conditions. We thoroughly investigated the sequential operation of the basic RSFQ circuits and study the corresponding behavior by comparing the measurable variables such as current response while modifying the eligible circuit's parameters. We introduce some figures of merit such as current level stability, current fluctuation damping after each pulse and circuit sensitivity, leading to obtain optimized parameters. A NDRO, cell based on T Flip-Flop (TFF), is particularly selected to verify the procedure. The optimized parameters are achieved by software simulation, considering the figures of merit. We also calculated the critical margins for main parameters in which the circuit is still remain stable.
The use of delta operator is a limitedly spread approach to discrete system implementation, though it is more suitable than the use of widely known shift operator in many cases when fixed point computation is performed. Delta operator may significantly improve both time and frequency responses of the dynamic system. In this paper, we focus on basic principles of delta operator and delta structures of IIR filters implementation. In addition, we show how to simulate delta operator systems in LabVIEW programming environment.
DRAM industry faces a grand challenge on continuing the scaling of storage node aspect ratio (A/R) to maintain the storage node storage capacitance. One viable option is to intentionally slow down the A/R scaling at the penalty of irreparable weak cells that cannot guarantee target data retention time under worst-case scenarios, and compensate the weak-cell-induced memory errors at the system level. Although the availability of weak cell location information can be leveraged to maximize the weak-cell-induced error tolerance, a straightforward realization of weak cell aware error tolerance tends to suffer from significant memory access latency overhead, especially in the presence of a large number of weak cells. This paper presents a design solution that can realize weak cell aware error tolerance at very small memory access latency overhead. The key is to use a hybrid error detection/correction process to eliminate unnecessary access to the weak cell location information. We carried out extensive simulations and evaluations to demonstrate the effectiveness of this design solution and the trade-offs. Beyond theoretical analysis on the latency overhead, we further performed full-system simulations based upon a cycle-accurate x86 simulator and DRAM simulation, and implemented our design solution using an FPGA development board with on-board DRAM chips. The results successfully show that our design solution can readily handle the weak-cell-induced memory error rate of upto 10-4 ~ 10-3 at very small (even negligible) latency overhead.
By nature, the molecular systems that are of interest to structural biologists exhibit high spatial and temporal complexity, in part due to the sheer density of objects and their constant motion. Virtual reality is a very useful tool to manage this complexity and enable interactive simulations that would otherwise be impractical. However, current solutions provide no adequate way to select very small objects whose movements are fast and unpredictable, and theoretical tools such as Fitts' law are of no help with unpredictable motion. To guide the design of appropriate selection techniques, notably with haptic assistance, we studied how subjects performed when attempting to select such objects in a simpler, 2D environment. We propose a new theoretical framework to model selection performance as a function of the predictability of the moving targets.
In the present work, we describe and discuss two interactive visualization techniques recently added to the Udock software. First, we propose to display a spherical projection of the protein's molecular surface properties. The resulting 2D map allows to get in one glance a global view of the protein. Second, we propose to let the user choose a specific level of detail when visualizing the protein's 3D surface. We describe a simple smoothing algorithm that achieves this goal in real time. These techniques are designed to enhance the usability of molecular visualization and interactive simulation software.
Distributed virtual simulation is a capability that is increasing in demand within the automotive manufacturing industry. The distributed and networked approach to system level design and simulation stands to benefit from a unifying relational oriented modeling and simulation framework due to the large number of simulation technologies that must be integrated. This will also permit innovative use of existing independent simulations for increased concurrency in design and verification and validation. Through relational orientation, high level syntax and semantics for representing models and simulations have been developed for proof of concept analysis. This paper presents an approach to drive a process of analysis of the vehicle as a complex system through the combination of a relational trade-off analysis framework and a distributed simulation execution delivered through a service-oriented integration architecture. This promises to provide a rigorous, traceable and agile approach to early stage conceptual vehicle design and analysis.
In this paper a recursive algorithm for robustly stabilizing an uncertain gained controlled polynomial with affine linear coefficients, is presented. The finite step algorithm is constructed using the results of Hurwitz invariability and the respective results of simulated annealing tuning techniques. The algorithm is appropriately modified expanding the search horizon of previous algorithms aiming in finding the best solution for the arbitrary gains of the polynomial over all system uncertainties. The respective results are applied to an uncertain hydraulic system in order to control the applied hydraulic force. Closed loop system simulation results show the efficiency of the proposed robust controller in uncertain environment.
In the context of aircraft engineering and maintenance, No Fault Found (NFF) is a chain of events that develops from a pilot experiencing a system malfunction with post-flight maintenance failing to reproduce the reported symptoms. Without any repair being undertaken, the malfunction may be experienced again on subsequent flights. This present significant cost impacts to the industry that includes financial, reduced operational achievement, airworthiness challenges and potential flight safety issues. One of the major causes identified for NFF occurrence within electronic, mechanical and hydraulic products are faults that are intermittent in nature. This makes it difficult to use systematic fault detection techniques effectively, as system are subject to unknown disturbances and model uncertainties. The philosophy behind this criterion is that the designed model-based Fault Detection (FD) observer should be robust to disturbances but sensitive to intermittent faults where the occupance of intermittent faults can be alarmed by the use of an adaptive threshold. The aim of this paper is to demonstrate the development of such methodologies and to examine its performance in a real-world test bed. The test bed consists of an aircraft fuel system simulation rig which simulates by hardware the components of an aircraft fuel system.
Bonsai has strong ornamental characteristics, and interactive simulation of bonsai is becoming a hot topic in computer graphics modeling of plants. This paper proposes an interactive simulation method which is based on Kinect Fusion point cloud information. We get point cloud information by the Kinect, and through Laplace method to extract the skeleton of bonsai and interoperate with skeleton. Then we reconstruct the 3D structure of the plant according to the skeleton, which can also solve the block problem to some extent, and finally render the perfect model of the plant. Based on this, the user can also edit the generated models according to their wishes, and create specific forms and particular layout of bonsai models. In this paper, we use this relatively novel method of bonsai modeling to make effective interactive simulation to a variety of bonsai plants. The experimental results show that this method can effectively simulate many kinds of bonsai model with specific form and particular layout, which has a high application value.
This paper describes a solution for repetitive position control problems with servo-hydraulic test cylinders. By extending the classical P-type iterative learning control algorithm with a frequency domain filtering technique, we obtain robust control performance with fast system convergence. In traditional P-type iterative learning control, there is always a contradiction between fast convergence and algorithm stability. With a large learning parameter value the control system is quickly convergent nevertheless in iteration domain the algorithm is unstable even if a stable feedback control system is applied;while with a small learning parameter value the algorithm is stable however the convergence rate is not satisfying. Extending ILC with a frequency domain low-pass filter allows us for achieving quick convergence rates during consecutive control iterations while still ensuring overall system stability. Based on a full simulation of the servo-hydraulic cylinder system we are able to simulate the ILC cylinder system behavior for our test setup, enabling for system performance investigation and optimization prior to the realization of a certain test setup. Experimental results with a real-world single-cylinder test rig validate our accurate system simulation environment and furthermore demonstrate the high position control performance of the proposed ILC method.
A principle motivation for the development of early-stage shipboard power system simulation techniques is the need to perform time-domain simulation during the early design stage. In particular, there is a need to understand the performance of a candidate system during challenging situations involving dynamic load profiles and disruptive conditions in order to assess the system dependability. An early-stage simulation technique is applied to simulate the performance of a candidate system for given operational vignettes. Using this early-stage approach allows simulations to be performed very quickly, allowing many vignettes to be considered and the overall system dependability to be assessed.
We introduce an architecture for a programmable IEEE 802.11ah Wi-Fi modem based on a new Cadence Xtensa-based low-energy DSP. The design is based on a methodology for partitioning the system into hardware and software components that takes into account power consumption, silicon area and the need for programmability. Physical layer software functions avail the DSP's extensible architecture options for baseband processing, such as complex signal filtering and FFT acceleration instructions. We provide sensitivity data from software simulations and laboratory tests that demonstrate the modem is capable of reliable detection and decoding of 2MHz packets with -107dBm of received signal power. Additionally, we analyze latency requirements for a System-on-Chip (SoC) design.
We combine in this paper 3D computer simulation techniques with advanced robotics to support the employment of intelligent robot manipulators across various applications. For this purpose, we systematically capture the interactive dynamic behavior of intelligent robot manipulators within physics-based virtual testbeds, regardless of the type of application. On this basis, we develop structures to equip and employ simulated robots with motion planning and control capabilities that range from stiff tracking to soft physical interaction within different environments. This results, on the one hand, in an approach to systematically address interdisciplinary and challenging robotics-related issues in various virtual testbeds. On the other hand, real applications can interface the simulator to extend and enhance the capabilities and predict the dynamic behavior of physical robots they rely upon. Experiment results illustrate the usefulness of the approach aiming to maximize the synergy between 3D simulation and robotics, as pursued by eRobotics.
Stability of the frequency in the micro-grid system is an important factor to measure the quality of electric energy. For further research of the effects of the frequency and work principle of adjusting process and system, in this paper, based on 10KW wind solar diesel storage microgrid system, off-grid operation were studied by modeling, system simulation and experiment to verifies that the micro-grid can maintain it's stability by the way of keeping constant frequency and cutting machine load or the power output. Simulation and experimental results show that the micro-grid can maintain stable operation of the system in island mode.
In this paper, we analyzed the finite time and practical stability of the invariant linear continuous systems with time delay forumlated as x'(t) = A0 x(t) + A1 × (t-τ). The sufficient stability conditions were presented for this class of systems. The derivation of the novel delay independent conditions for the finite time stability of such systems was performed using the Lyapunov-Krassovski functional. In this approach, the functional did not need: a) to be positive in the entire state-space and b) to have negative derivatives along the trajectories of the system. The numerical example and the system simulation were performed to demonstrate the applicability of the derived stability conditions.
This paper presents the results of the study aimed at evaluating the impact of the switching section on the design of a millimeter-wave system-on-chip Dicke radiometer for the space-based detection of solar flares. The radiometer operates at the frequency of 36.8 GHz and is expected to be implemented in a 0.25 μm SiGe BiCMOS technology by IHP, under Space evaluations. System analysis and circuit simulations are presented and discussed. The results show that the targeted resolution of 0.7 K can be achieved with an integration time ranging from 0.034 to 0.106 s, depending on the losses of the switch. Moreover, the effectiveness of the duty cycle compensation method for the unbalanced Dicke radiometer is proven through system simulations in the case in which the noise source produces a reference temperature 5% greater than the expected value. These results support the objective targeted with the first implementation of a SoC radiometer for space-based detection of solar flares.
Direct conversion quadrature demodulator analysis based on recently fabricated V-band six-port circuit operating over 60 GHz band is presented in this paper. In order to obtain realistic system simulation results, the computer model of the six-port demodulator is implemented using Advanced Design System (ADS) software and S-parameter measurements of the integrated six-port circuit on thin alumina substrate. The performance of the proposed model is characterized in terms of the Error Vector Magnitude (EVM) for various M-PSK/M-QAM modulated signals. Very good demodulation results have been obtained over a 5 GHz band, from 60 to 65 GHz. These results provide further evidence that the six-port quadrature demodulator is a successful approach for homodyne or heterodyne transceivers designed for high-speed short-range wireless communication systems, such as today's WiGig or future millimeter wave 5G.
Highly random nature of input power from wave energy converters (WEC), especially from direct-driven point absorbers, demands customized power electronic converters for grid connection. In this paper, analysis and comparison of the DC-link stresses in the converter systems for two cases - a single and three collective units, of wave energy converters is given. The AC/DC/AC converter system includes a conventional uncontrolled three phase rectifier, a DC/DC converter to boost the DC-link voltage and an inverter with RL load. The system has been studied under two different controller actions for the DC/DC converter: with constant boost factor and with constant DC-link voltage. A Proportional Integral controller has been used to regulate the voltage in the latter case. Matlab/Simulink based system simulation has been done to compare the DC-link stress. The analysis shows the comparison in DC-link stresses and the requirements of the system for different cases, proving the advantages and the importance of having customized active power conversion methods for minimizing the DC-link stresses.
This paper presents an energy-efficient digital signal processor (DSP) for rectangular-to-polar conversion in 802.11ad polar transmitter working on 60 GHz band. Firstly, system simulations with a complete transmission chain are conducted with regard to error vector magnitude and output spectrum, which allows to systematically optimize the design requirements on the DSP block. Secondly, algorithm and architecture co-optimization on the DSP block is explored to minimize the power consumption. Finally, the proposed DSP is synthesized using 28 nm CMOS technology, which provides a throughput of 7.04 Giga samples per second with a power consumption of 28 mW, and area of 0.01 mm2.
With the growing complexity of Real-Time Embedded Systems (RTES), there is a huge interest in using modeling languages such as the Unified Modeling Language (UML), and other Model-Driven Engineering (MDE) techniques targeting RTES system design. These approaches provide language abstractions for system design, allowing to focus on their relevant properties. Unfortunately, such approaches still suffer from several shortcomings including the lack of well-defined semantics. Therefore, it remains difficult to connect the MDE specification tools and the design tools that are based on formal grounds and well-defined semantics to perform analysis, validation or system synthesis for RTES. This paper presents a top-down RTES design flow aiming to reduce the gap between MDE and formal design approaches. We present the connection between a framework dedicated to the enrichment of modeling languages such as UML with formal semantics, a framework based on formal models of computation supporting validation by simulation, and a system synthesis tool targeting a flexible platform with well-defined execution services. Our purpose is to cover several system design phases from specification, simulation down to implementation on a platform. As a case study, a JPEG Encoder application was realized following the different design steps of the tool-chain.
This paper is devoted to the comparison of the numerically simulated Chua's circuit and the real circuit. The aim of the research was to figure out the factors affecting the computer simulation accuracy, and to find the ways to improve it. It was discovered that the most influence is exerted by an inaccuracy of the nonlinear Chua's diode characteristic measurement, a numerical integration method used for simulation and the operational amplifier properties. A possibility of an analog circuit application as a source of an accurate signal in order to find the most appropriate numerical method for the chaotic systems simulation is shown.
Nowadays, users are demanding access to video content anytime and anywhere. LTE broadcast services and video streaming services can reduce the resources used by telecommunication companies to give access to video content and open up new business opportunities. In this context, testbeds and simulation tools can help in the analysis of the different parameters that need to be considered in the deployment of video services based on LTE. In this paper, we describe the design and implementation of an open-source virtualized platform that supports both LTE broadcast services and video streaming services. The testbed is being used both over real LTE networks and LTE network emulations to analyze the performance of video streaming services and to validate new proposals.
This paper presents the construction of the phasevariable model of a three-phase ac induction motor in PSIM simulation tool. The modeling can be divided into an electromagnetic part, an electromechanical part, and a mechanical part. There are two features of the constructed model block. One feature is that the three-phase inputs are circuit-based, so it can be directly connected to the inverter for integrated system simulation. The other feature is that the load torque input is equation-based, so the load torque can be more easily given by a mathematical function. The constructed model block has been compared with the available build-in model block in PSIM and MATLAB/Simulink, respectively. Simulation results show that the correctness of the constructed model in steady-state and transient responses.
Today cache size and hierarchy level of caches play an important role in improving computer performance. By using full system simulations of gem5, the variation in memory bandwidth, system bus throughput, L1 and L2 cache size misses are measured by running SPLASH-2 Benchmarks on ARM and ALPHA Processors. In this work we calculate cache misses, memory bandwidth and system bus throughput by running SPLASH2 benchmarks on gem5 Full System Mode. Our results show that L1 cache misses decrease as L1 cache size is varied from 16KB to 64KB. L1 cache misses are independent of L2 cache size after the program data resides in L2 cache. The memory bandwidth and system bus throughput decreases as L1 and L2 cache size increases.
The potential for cascading failure in power systems adds substantially to overall reliability risk. Monte Carlo sampling can be used with a power system model to estimate this impact, but doing so is computationally expensive. This paper presents a new approach to estimating the risk of large cascading blackouts triggered by multiple contingencies. The method uses a search algorithm (Random Chemistry) to identify blackout-causing contingencies, and then combines the results with outage probabilities to estimate overall risk. Comparing this approach with Monte Carlo sampling for two test cases (the IEEE RTS-96 and a 2383-bus model of the Polish system) illustrates that the new approach is at least two orders of magnitude faster than Monte Carlo, without introducing measurable bias. Moreover, the approach enables one to compute the sensitivity of overall blackout risk to individual component-failure probabilities in the initiating contingency, allowing one to quickly identify low-cost strategies for reducing risk. By computing the sensitivity of risk to individual initial outage probabilities for the Polish system, we found that reducing three line-outage probabilities by 50% would reduce cascading failure risk by 33%. Finally, we used the method to estimate changes in risk as a function of load. Surprisingly, this calculation illustrates that risk can sometimes decrease as load increases.
A distributionally robust optimization (DRO) model is presented for the reserve schedule decision-making problem with partial information of wind power, aiming to find a robust solution to the uncertainty of wind power probability distribution. The stochastic problem can be converted into an equivalent deterministic bilinear matrix inequality (BMI) problem. Numerical results verify the effectiveness of the proposed method.
For optimal microgrid (MG) operation, one challenge is the supply of cooling and electricity energy is a coupled co-optimization issue when considering the combined cooling, heating and power (CCHP) units and ice-storage air-conditioners. Another challenge is the inherent randomness of renewable energy within the MG should be accommodated by MG itself. In Part I of this two-part paper, the partial load performance of CCHPs and the performance of ice-storage air-conditioners are modeled, and the cooling and electricity coordinated MG day-ahead scheduling and real-time dispatching models are established. In day-ahead scheduling model, the uncertainty of wind and solar power is represented by multi-scenarios and the objective is to achieve the minimal expected MG operation cost. In real-time dispatching model, the different time-scale dispatch schemes are respectively applied for cooling and electricity to smooth out the fluctuations of renewable energy supply and to follow the variations of cooling and electricity demands by the fine dispatching of the components within MG such that the impact of MG to the connected main grid is minimal. The proposed MG multi time-scale cooling and electricity coordinated schedule achieves an integrated optimization for multi energy-type supply, and makes the MG be controllable as seen from the main grid.
In this paper, a new control-oriented modeling methodology for the thermal dynamics of water-cooled Proton Exchange Membrane Fuel Cells (PEMFCs) is presented and validated. This methodology is not only useful for control applications, but also can be used for predicting the temperature variation across the stack, allowing to monitor its operation. The methodology has been validated in a real 600-W, 20-cells, water cooled PEMFC, with encouraging results for both the stationary and the transient states. Results show that the proposed methodology is accurate and suitable for control purposes.
This study presents the creation of a new simulation tool,MATACDC. It is the first open source program for power flow analysis of high voltage direct current (HVDC) grids and hybrid AC/DC systems and uses state-of-the-art developments in the field of HVDC grids research. MATACDC is based on MATLAB and has been fully integrated with the AC system power flow routines from MATPOWER. The software includes all the models needed to study the steady-state interaction of AC and DC systems for a wide range of converter representations and control functions. Any combination of multiple non-synchronised AC systems and multiple DC systems can be solved. The code is freely available and is intended for researchers and students working in the field of HVDC grid steady-state interactions and HVDC grid operation. MATACDC can also easily be extended with user-defined functionality. The study focuses on the program design and layout, the converter modelling, the practical implementation and the integration with AC power flow routines. Furthermore, different examples of possible user-defined functions show how the tool can be extended to include other control representations to study their effect on overall system interactions. Simulation results demonstrate the viability of the routines to simulate complex hybrid AC/DC systems.
The following topics are dealt with: underwater robotics;intelligent manufacturing;rehabilitation robotics;machine vision;mechatronic systems;legged robots;biomechatronics;human-machine interfaces;electric and hydraulic actuators;micro/nano system;mobile robots;additive manufacturing;advanced medical and human assist robots;hybrid intelligent systems;flexible manipulators and structures;motion vibration and noise control;robot dynamics;intelligent process automation;aerial robots;sensor integration;data fusion;telerobotics;and service robots.
The need for virtual reality applications for education and training involving bimanual dexterous activities has been increasing in recent years. However, it is unclear how the amount of correspondence between a virtual interaction metaphor to the real-world equivalent, otherwise known as dimensional symmetry, affects bimanual pscyhomotor skills training and how skills learned in the virtual simulation transfer to the real world. How does the number of degrees of freedom enhance or hinder the learning process? Does the increase in dimensional symmetry affect cognitive load? In an empirical evaluation, we compare the effectiveness of a natural 6-DOF interaction metaphor to a simplified 3-DOF metaphor. Our simulation interactively educates users in the step-by-step process of taking a precise measurement using calipers and micrometers in a simulated technical workbench environment. We conducted a usability study to evaluate the user experience and pedagogical benefits using measures including a pre and post cognition questionnaire over all levels of Bloom's taxonomy, workload assessment, system usability, and real world psychomotor assessment tasks. Results from the pre and post cognition questionnaires suggest that learning outcomes improved throughout all levels of Bloom's taxonomy for both conditions, and trends in the data suggest that the 6-DOF metaphor was more effective in real-world skill transference compared to the 3-DOF metaphor.
Many atomic clocks used magnetron type resonance cavity (MRC) as its microwave cavity because it can dramatically decrease the radical size of the atomic clock. In this paper, the electromagnetic character of MRC is investigated by a model based on transmission line theory. The formulas to calculate the resonance frequency, quality factor and magnetic energy filling factor are presented. The theoretical calculated results agree well with the electromagnetic software simulations and experiments.
In this paper, we study the performance of device-to-device (D2D) based range extension in terms of sum rate and power efficiency when a relaying user equipment (UE) helps to improve the coverage for cell-edge UEs. In our design, the relaying UE has own traffic to transmit and receive to/from the cellular base station (BS) and can operate either in amplify-and-forward (AF) or decode-and-forward (DF) modes and can make use of either digital or analogue (PHY layer) network coding. In this rather general setting, we propose mode selection, resource allocation and power control schemes and study their performance by means of system simulations. We find that the performance of the DF scheme with network coding is superior both to the traditional cellular and the AF based relaying schemes, including AF with two-slot or three-slot PHY layer network coding.
This paper presents microwave imaging system simulation for brain tumor detection of human head model developed using Computer Simulation Technology software. The detection method applied by analyzing processed scattering parameter (S-parameter) signals difference in the absence and presence of tumor in head model. The simulation system covered novel design of UWB array antenna as scanning probe and human head model with tumor inside. The antenna operated from 2.6GHz until 13.1GHz, dimensions of 80 × 45 (mm) and maximum gain of 12.12dB used to scan 9 different points at the head model. Matrix Laboratory software is utilized to analyze S-parameter in frequency and time domain. The generated S-parameters of frequency domain transformed into time domain through Inverse Fast Fourier Transform for easier analysis. Smoothing `mslowess' procedure is applied in filtering out the noise for accurate results. Brain tumor presence indicated by lower reflection coefficient values compared to higher values recorded by brain tumor absence.
Pencil-beam forming techniques based on large antenna arrays are becoming a crucial asset to cope with the very high throughput density requirements and high path-loss constraints of future millimeter-wave gigabit-wireless applications. Directional, polarimetric 60 GHz indoor measurements are used in the present work to modify and calibrate a 3D ray tracing model and in particular to tune the embedded effective-roughness diffuse scattering model. The potential of polarimetric beamforming is then evaluated through system simulation in simple, reference cases using the ray tracing model as a propagation-prediction engine.
This paper presents a study on the performance of a dense urban small-cell densification, where the limitations and design challenges related to the wireless small-cell backhaul are considered. While most evaluations of the small-cell capability to increase the end-user experience do simply assume ideal backhaul, here a wireless and capacity-limited backhaul is introduced. The design methodology, that is analyzed and illustrated in the paper, addresses the joint small-cell and backhaul wireless deployment thanks to new techniques designed in EU-funded European projects. An advanced system simulation tool embeds 3D ray-tracing and computes both the user-interface and wireless backhaul layers, where limitations on backhaul links impact the end-user throughput. Different backhaul design options are compared, based on the user downlink and uplink throughputs, on the hub and small-cell loads, and on the ElectroMagnetic Field (EMF) exposure. The paper also illustrates how an automated backhaul design can achieve improved performance for both the end-user and operator point of views.
Next generation network facilitate mobile users to have service with different network technologies through vertical handover mechanism. The vertical handover service maximization becomes critical in such scenario. Efficient analysis of handover call service yields minimization of call drop probability. Call drop occurrence happens due to delay in service time establishment. This check on delay in service establishment guarantees the Quality of Service fulfillment to the mobile users. This paper brings powerful investigation model for vertical handover performance through Discrete Event System simulation. Discrete event system evaluates strategies of experimental operations of the system for handover calls. The performance analysis is carried to monitor handoff success rate trends in WiFi wireless network for single channel and multi channel scenario.
Implementing renewable energy resources to enable sustainable development of cities, requires a more flexible and re-silient energy system than currently present. Integrating multiple energy carriers and services allow more efficient implementation of these renewables. Although most research efforts so far have focused on the electricity grid, multi-energy systems attract ever more attention. Over the last decades, a wide variety of energy tools has been developed;potentially providing a solid basis to build upon. This paper reviewed those tools specifically able to model multi-energy systems and applicable to a city scale. 13 (of 72 total) are able to and were further analyzed. Challenging is to incorporate short- and long-term dynamics of an energy system. Although some tools combine planning and operational methods, none are able to model solutions that are practically feasible from a grid perspective. Future research aims to integrate the tools re-viewed here with power system simulation models.
Inter-area oscillations impact negatively on power system stability and power transfer capability. Monitoring oscillations in real time can improve control of the power system. Synchrophasor data from Phasor Measurement Units (PMU) provide new options for oscillation monitoring. In this study, an oscillation monitoring method using synchrophasor data from PMUs is presented. The method is verified by power system simulation and its value illustrated by application to data from a practical case study.
This paper discusses the relationship of line overload cascading and loss of synchronism in interconnected power systems. The mechanisms of recent blackouts ending in loss of synchronism are reviewed and assessed. Further, theoretical considerations about the phenomenom of loss of synchronism ending in Out of Step (OOS) are discussed. Moreover, loss of synchronism scenarios are simulated in a multi-area power system simulation, where special emphasis is paid on accurate modeling of involved asset and system protection functions. Based on the assessment of these simulations, recommendations for the design of system protection schemes are given.
This paper reports results of extending the iTesla Modelica Power System Library with the implementation of new Modelica models for power electronic-based FACTS (Flexible AC Transmission System) to be used in phasor time-domain simulations. To show the applicability of Modelica for modeling FACTS devices and power system simulation, a software-to-software validation is performed against the Power System Analysis Toolbox (PSAT), which is used as the reference software for validation. A quantitative and qualitative assessment of the validation results between PSAT and Modelica is given.
Long-term simulations of electric power systems are an essential tool for power system planning and operation. As power systems are extraordinarily complex, simplifying assumption have to be made to find computational tractable model formulations. In this paper we define aggregation methods 1) for simulation time, 2) for generation units and 3) for load demand units. The performance of the aggregation models is checked against detailed models including binary effects such as minimum down-time, minimum generation or demand side contracts. The aggregation models show very similar behavior, while a significant speed-up in simulation time is observed.
Variation studies with Matlab/Simulink models are often limited to a handful of variation subjects due to the efforts involved. A toolbox for the efficient automation of parameter and structure variation of complex power system time domain simulation models in Matlab/Simulink has been designed and implemented. A requirement engineering process has been used to define necessary functionality. Several research use cases related to power systems have ensured the usage of best practices in the implementation. The toolbox proves to be beneficial for increasing efficiency in automated parameter and model structure variations and analyses of the results. The authors intend to make the source code and the documentation of the toolbox available for download under an open source license.
The campus grid architectures currently available are considered to be overly complex. We have focused on High Throughput Condor HTCondor as one of the most popular middlewares among UK universities, and are proposing a new system for unifying campus grid resources. This new system PBStoCondor is capable of interfacing with Linux based system within the campus grids, and automatically determining the best resource for a given job. The system does not require additional efforts from users and administrators of the campus grid resources. We have compared the real usage data and PBStoCondor system simulation data. The results show a close match. The proposed system will enable better utilization of campus grid resources, and will not require modification in users' workflows.
Dielectric elastomer generator (DEG) employs high flexible dielectric elastomer as mechanical-electrical energy conversion medium. So that DEG can be directly coupled with a large mount of natural movement such as wind and ocean. This feature allows DEG has a unique prospect in renewable natural energy harvesting. In this paper, the MATLAB software simulation results showed that the traditional DEG energy harvesting circuit cannot achieve real energy harvesting, because of internal energy loss. This paper presented a self-filling energy harvesting circuit, whith only needed a precharge before harvesting and needed no external charge supplement during harvesting process. The simulation results showed that the self-filling circuit can transfer portion of the harvested energy back to DEG as bias voltage to compensate for the energy loss during energy harvesting. This new type of circuit can also increase the voltage across the storage capacitor, and harvest electrical energy continuously.
With a paradigm shift to the multicore era, the analysis of power management techniques has become crucial. Besides, allowing applications at different levels of criticality to run on the same platform introduces higher complexity to the power and performance analysis of System-on-Chips. This work presents a system-level simulation framework and an architectural template for power management in multicore mixed-criticality systems to cope with this problem. The framework provides an efficiently emulated dynamic voltage and frequency scaling (DVFS) through full-system simulation. The architectural template uses a hardware-dedicated power manager and a real-time monitoring mechanism for critical applications. The power manager is able to guarantee criticality requirements while showing significant reduction in power consumption in experimental evaluations.
In LTE networks, with many active users per cell, frequency utilization is high and significant QoS performance gains are possible through frequency selective scheduling. In order to realize this, the scheduler requires rich and frequent reporting of the channel quality or state such that the channel response in the frequency domain can be accurately tracked. CQI (Channel Quality Indicator) measurements support this for the downlink. However, with many active users it is not practical to configure such reporting for all users simultaneously. In this paper, we investigate how best to configure CQI reporting in these circumstances. We demonstrate the advantages from requesting CQI on all regular PUSCH (physical uplink shared channel) transmissions (piggybacking), whilst at the same time issuing grants for PUSCH transmissions carrying CQI but no MAC PDU for targeted users only (boosting). Targeting of cell edge users during their FTP file transfers demonstrates a transfer delay reduction of 10% at 75% RB utilization, with one boost per TTI per cell, in system simulation.
Cable parameters are required when system simulation or fault diagnosis is implemented. For mounted cables, such as underground cables and airborne cables, specific methods of parameter extraction should be applied. In this paper, an easy-to-use measurement method with two general cases for extraction of the complex propagation constant and characteristic impedance is developed. This method is especially suitable for high-frequency cables and not confined to a certain type of connectors. In complement to many existing methods, principles of eliminating effects of connectors which could lead to considerable errors at high frequencies are given. The proposed method is validated by a standard coaxial cable of 75-ohm characteristic impedance, with several connectors and possible connecting lines at both ends, over the frequency range 400 kHz to 400 MHz.
For the reason that wind, solar power and other renewable energy sources are stochastic volatility, in order to improve the reliability and economical efficiency of system power supply for the micro-grid distributed power reasonable configuration is an important issue for micro-grid planning and construction. This paper aiming at a minimum optimization goal of overall costs, including equipment investment costs, replacement costs, operation and maintenance costs, fuel costs and environmental conversion costs, and for the condition in the system power supply constraints, established a hybrid micro-grid distribution power optimal allocation model for mixed micro-grid of islanding operation considering different battery technologies. Take an independent micro-grid of a certain mountain school for instance to optimize the design, applying HOMER software simulation and optimization of the system to verify the reasonableness of the configuration model. In addition, analysed the effect on the optimized result with diverse battery technology.
Combination of simulation and the Computer technology, formed the computer simulation technology. Numerical Simulation is one of computer simulation technology. Combining the data of the experiment with the results of numerical simulation to analyses the influence of factors such as concrete strength on the ductility of steel - concrete and put forward a simple, reliable and practical formula of ductility evaluation. The research results have a certain significance of reference to guide the design of the ductility of the structure.
In this paper, a training system integrated by multi elements in information system is developed including the elements of observation, command, control, maintenance and so on by the combination of physical simulation and virtual simulation. Physical simulation carries out a variety of business, operations, maintenance and security, and other trainings, while virtual simulation provides the required data needed in original information systems which must be performed in large outdoor for the physical simulation, aiming at achieving indoor simulation training.
The combination of body gesture recognition and virtual reality opens a broad field of possibilities for practical and activity-oriented learning scenarios based on virtual simulations. Many educational projects address this potential by using specific gesture sensors to interact with virtual artefacts in 3D learning environments. Unfortunately, most of these projects are stand-alone developments for dedicated use cases. A systematic approach for sensor integration is currently missing. This paper presents the development and use of a framework for a systematic integration and even fusion of different gesture sensors for innovative, mixed-reality learning scenarios. Thus, developers of learning applications will be enabled to create interactive virtual environments without the time-consuming familiarization with each sensor hardware and SDK. This leads to a reduced time-to-market as well as a higher transferability.
We present a new method for finding attacks in unmodified transport protocol implementations using the specification of the protocol state machine to reduce the search space of possible attacks. Such reduction is obtained by appling malicious actions to all packets of the same type observed in the same state instead of applying them to individual packets. Our method requires knowledge of the packet formats and protocol state machine. We demonstrate our approach by developing SNAKE, a tool that automatically finds performance and resource exhaustion attacks on unmodified transport protocol implementations. SNAKE utilizes virtualization to run unmodified implementations in their intended environments and network emulation to create the network topology. SNAKE was able to find 9 attacks on 2 transport protocols, 5 of which we believe to be unknown in the literature.
Typically in computer systems, performance must be traded-off to achieve energy savings or, conversely, performance gains come with significant energy overhead. Here, we present a novel approach that can achieve synergistic energy-savings and performance gain in chip multiprocessors (CMPs). Our key observation is that per-core dynamic voltage/frequency scaling (DVFS) can be used as a client regulation mechanism for shared resources on-die. Based on this observation, we propose a new DVFS technique inspired by TCP Vegas, a congestion control protocol from the IP-networking domain. Full system simulations on PARSEC benchmarks show that our technique reduces total CMP energy dissipation by over 40% with a small performance improvement.
Omni-directional Wheeled Mobile Robots (Omni-WMR) are holonomic system able to move sideways. They have locomotive advantage and are widely deployed in a larger range of application fields, especially in narrowly constrained service-styled manufacturing industries. To ensure smooth motion and full development of locomotive advantages, motion planning draws great attention. Thanks to the mechanism of powered caster wheel (PCW), the motion of Omni-WMR can be decoupled. The collective motion can be decomposed into dimensions of x, y and θ, then planned independently and superposed. In this way trajectory can be planned in the Cartesian space, and later on transformed to the joint space through inverse instantaneous kinematics model for actuation of the motor at each joint. Quintic-polynomial interpolation is used for the case of start to goal with only initial and final configurations known, and piecewise-cubic-spline interpolation is applied for the case of a sequence of intermediate way-points known in the configuration space as input. Here the geometric points for the robot to go through are assumed to be known as a priori without loss of generality. The approaches are implemented in python on ROS (Robot Operating System), and these modular ROS packages are tested on a physical Omni-WMR developed at our lab. Meanwhile, these ROS packages are also tested equivalently in a virtual simulation environment modelled using ROS stage simulator. The experimental results have proved that the motion planning algorithms are able to generate smooth velocity profile for the robot to achieve the goal, which have validated the effectiveness of these algorithms.
Now, for Zigbee having many advantages, it can be used in more and more Machine to Machine or Man (M2M) technologies. Zigbee system has two mainly interference. One is inter symbol interference (ISI) that comes from other symbols of the same signal. Another is Co-channel interference (CCI) that comes from other techniques. Communication system mainly performance indexes are validity and reliability. In order to improve Zigbee system reliability, it is important to improve ability of anti-CCI and eliminate ISI with little or no validity reduced. In digital communication system, bit error rate (BER) is used to measure reliability, and data rate, spectrum availability radio are used to measure validity. The paper analyses Zigbee BER compositions under the influence of CCI and ISI. Results show that BER is related to the function of shaper (shaper, shaping filter). Later we propose that in order to reduce BER, using Raised Cosine Shaping Filter (RC) replaced Half Sine Wave Shaping filter (HSW). The reasons are RC having better characteristics in anti-CCI and eliminate ISI, and it will not change Zigbee advantages. The system simulation results prove it.
A power electronic transformer (PET) is a direct AC/AC converter with a high frequency isolation. Various topologies of electronic PETs have been discussed in recent literatures. This paper is concentrated on the simulation study of an electronic transformer adopting matrix converter on either side of the high frequency isolation transformer. The industrial standard power system simulation package PSACD/EMTDC is used for the modeling of the PET. The PET described can convert a sinusoidal AC to a lower or higher voltage and/or to a lower or higher frequency without DC link. Both the steady state and transient performance of the converter are carried out to assess the performance. The simulation results of the converter shows that the PET accomplishes high frequency isolation, bidirectional power flow, two stage power conversion, higher power density, controllable input source displacement power factor, and lower harmonic distortion on both input and output sides.
The evolution of the European electrical energy system has been in progress for several years now. During this process the complexity of the overall power system has been continuously increasing. Installing new components and concepts into the interrelated infrastructure is getting more complicated as their impacts are hard to predict. Moreover, the energy system is a critical infrastructure that cannot be jeopardized by components with unclear behavior. Thus, new approaches have to be tested and validated in complex, large-scale co-simulations. In this paper an integration of two different laboratory infrastructures is introduced that enables such co-simulation analysis. On the one hand, the SmartEST laboratory in Austria is focusing on distributed energy resources, power electronic components as well as their integration issues. The SESA laboratory in Germany, on the other hand, addresses mainly hard- and software simulation integration.
Reliability related to hardware-induced errors has become one of the important design issues in the design of modern digital systems, and is inherently in conflict with other goals, especially energy-efficiency. To derive reliability approaches that are cost-effective, accurate fault/error information should be provided for the system across the design layers. This information typically comes from system simulation, which is time-consuming due to the huge complexity of modern systems. This paper discusses the potential and the limitations of using analytical techniques as a more scalable way to study error propagation. Examples are given relating to the domain of communication systems.
Start of the above-titled section of the conference proceedings record.
This paper addresses simulations and design of an asynchronous integrated ultra wideband impulse radio transmitter and receiver suitable for low-power miniaturized wireless sensors. This paper first presents software simulations for asynchronous transmission over noisy channels using FSK-OOK modulation, which demonstrates that the proposed architecture is capable to communicate reliably at moderate signal-to-noise ratios and that the main errors are due to deletions of received noisy transmit pulses. Then, we address a hardware chip implementation of the integrated UWB transmitter and receiver, which is fabricated using an IBM 0.18μm CMOS process. This implementation provides a low peak power consumption, i.e., 10.8 mW for the transmitter and 5.4 mW for the receiver, respectively. The measured maximum baseband data rate of the proposed radio is 2.3 Mb/s.
For more than 25 years, DigiPen has been committed to the teaching and advancement of computer science education and research, particularly in the field of real-time interactive simulation. As such, we are honored to be hosting the 2015 Annual Meeting of the North American Fuzzy Information Processing Society, and the 5th World Congress of Soft Computing.
Distributed virtual simulation are prone to load oscillations, as well as load imbalances during run-time. Detecting such imbalances and responding accordingly using load redistribution can be of great utility in keeping execution performance close to the aimed optimal. A dynamic balancing scheme can introduce a reactive approach, but a predictive scheme can prevent imbalances before they occur. Several models can be employed for predicting load, but due to the characteristics in which the load is collected and presented, time series offer reasonable load forecasting in a short time. However, the Holt's model, well known model for time series representation, shows limitations on the forecasting of load. In order to correct this issue, a genetic algorithm approach is introduced to dynamically adjust the model based on the recent modifications on the load behaviour. The convergence of the algorithm can substantially influence the response time of the predictive balancing system, so an analysis is conducted to identify the minimum number of iterations for generating a reasonable adjustment.
With the construction of HVDC (high voltage direct current) transmission project, the operation personnel have increasingly strong demand. At the same time, due to the requirements of the reliability of the power grid, the new operators need to go through a training to perform their work well. The paper briefly investigates a realization method of UHVDC (ultra high voltage direct current) simulation training system. The training system simulation is based on MATLAB implementation and combined with the already client system meets the demand of training well. Compared with the other methods, the method is based on MATLAB and combines with the XPC real time operating system. It has the good simulation results.
The quasi-linear ARX radial basis function network (QARX-RBFN) model has shown good approximation ability and usefulness in nonlinear system identification and control. It owns an ARX-like structure, easy design, good generalization and strong tolerance to input noise. However, the QARX-RBFN model still needs to improve the prediction accuracy by optimizing its structure. In this paper, a novel self-organizing QARX-RBFN (SOQARX-RBFN) model is proposed to solve this problem. The proposed SOQARX-RBFN model consists of simultaneously network construction and parameter optimization. It offers two important advantages. Firstly, the hidden neurons in the SOQARX-RBFN model can be added or removed, based on the neuron activity and mutual information (MI), to achieve the appropriate network complexity and maintain overall computational efficiency for identification. Secondly, the model performance can be significantly improved through the structure optimization. Additionally, the convergence of the SOQARX-RBFN model is analyzed, and the proposed approach is applied to identify and control the nonlinear dynamical systems. Mathematical system simulations are carried out to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.
It is an important but challenging issue to represent a wind farm using an equivalent model. This paper tries to find a practical clustering method of a doubly-fed induction generator (DFIG) wind farm for power system simulation. In the paper, the equivalent wind speed for the equivalent model is calculated according to the relationship between power and wind speed. The operating status of DFIG are analyzed for clustering the turbines preliminary and the errors' absolute value integration of output current between the detailed model and the equivalent model during the dynamic process are calculated and analyzed for practical clustering. Simulation results show that the proposed method can perform the dynamic characters of detailed model under homogeneous distributed wind speed case, low wind speed case and high wind speed case effectively.
Summary form only given. This paper describes the development of a modern power system laboratory within a Bologna Declaration compliant curriculum at the Department of Energy and Power Systems, Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, University of Zagreb. The paper describes laboratory components and provides insight into the experiments that students are required to perform. The laboratory course is divided into three major components: power system simulations, computer simulations and high voltage. Power system simulations are performed on a miniature real-world power system that can be synchronized to the actual power system. Computer simulations are performed both on commercially available software solutions commonly used by power utilities and consulting companies, and on software tools developed at the Department of Energy and Power Systems. High voltage exercises are performed in the High Voltage Laboratory, where students are familiarized with high voltage phenomena. Results of student questionnaires collected over the previous four years are analyzed. This feedback, together with industry experts' observations and suggestions, provides the basis for improvements that are constantly introduced.
Understanding human participants' trading behaviors is important for market designers. When analyzing the sensitivity of a control variable, it is of crucial importance to keep all other variables fixed, as well as human behaviors. In this paper, a hybrid interactive simulation methodology is introduced and utilized to model emission trading behaviors of generation companies. By extracting information from human-subjected experiments under several scenarios, a stochastic model for multi-agent is constructed and verified. Furthermore, influences of different emission reduction level on emission prices are studied based on multi-agent simulation. Combining the complementary features between experimental and agent-based computational methods, the hybrid interactive simulation can help studying human behaviors involved research problems.
Increasing uncertainties in power system operation require novel approaches for utilizing operational flexibility to enable a both secure and efficient power supply. This paper presents a real-time coordination approach for adaptive redispatch of generation and load in case of overloads in the electrical transmission network. For this, a previously developed multi-agent system for coordinating power flow controlling devices is extended by novel agent behaviors enabling a distributed decision making on adequate redispatch. Main features of the approach are its real-time adaptivity to unforeseen network conditions (e.g., (N-k)-cases) and its automated deployment of the controllability of future smart grids. By this, storages, demand side management and distributed generation in the distribution grid can support operational security of the transmission network in alert or emergency network conditions. Provision of such remedial actions is also of economic value as it enables a less constrained system operation due to the ability to meet uncertainties by flexibility. The applicability of the approach is demonstrated in a co-simulation of the MAS and a dynamic power system simulation.
Load is one of the most important parts of power system and imposes great impact on stability of the system. Proper modeling and parameter identification of load are instructive for power system stability study and control. However, because of the nonlinearity, randomness and time-variation, load modeling and parameter identification remain a big problem in power system simulation and stability analysis. Composite load model is one of the most common models for load in power system simulation. This paper introduces an online parameter identification and modeling method for electric load based on a new simplified composite load model. The approach includes three parts: the dominance analysis of parameter and model simplification, the phasor measurement and calculation, and the online parameter identification. A test on the method is also shown with the simulation of a typical case system.
In this paper, the authors discuss a set of software laboratory assignments on power distribution systems that address emerging and smart grid technologies such as the interconnection of solar PV generation and of microgrids, of series compensation and capacitor placement and control, and selective meshed structure. Although these software laboratory modules can be used by any university and user, they adopt as test system a distribution feeder that is representative of the Reconfigurable Distribution Automation and Control (RDAC) hardware laboratory at Drexel University. As such, students and researchers with access to the laboratory can perform studies on this system via both software simulation and physical experimentation. Work is under way to enable access to the hardware remotely.
Since its introduction, distributed generation (DG) has surely allowed the exploitation of otherwise unrecoverable energy resources dispersed on the territory, though posing a series of as yet unsolved problems connected to smart grid operation. One of these inconveniences is the automatic DG disconnection in weak network. Actually, for a DG system to be able to inject power into a grid, the voltage value in its interconnection node must be increased. If voltage exceeds a certain limit, the current Protection System Interface (SPI) will disconnect the generator resulting in the total loss of the energy produced at that node. This paper proposes a number of solutions to the issue, making specific reference to inconveniences that actually occurred in DG systems installed in some Italian rural areas, but that might as well affect areas with higher load densities. During a first phase of the study, the current situations were analyzed and then a circuit model was implemented in a Matlab-Simulink environment to obtain an accurate system simulation. The DG taken into consideration mainly involved photovoltaic systems connected to LV networks, of different sizes and supposedly working in different operating conditions, depending on load demand and weather conditions. The results of the numerical simulation were properly illustrated and discussed, so as to establish the actual validity of the proposed solutions.
In this paper, the merits of Adomian Decomposition Method (ADM) have been investigated for the time domain simulation of multi-machine power systems. ADM is an analytical approximation method for the solution of linear, nonlinear, deterministic and stochastic operator equations. It approximates the nonlinearities in the equations using Adomian polynomial series and that can form a rapidly convergent sequence of analytic functions. We apply the ADM approach for simulation of differential algebraic equations representing the detailed multi-machine power system. The ADM approach has been applied on the widely used IEEE 3 generator 9 bus system and IEEE 10 generator 39 bus system for 3 - φ fault simulations. In our simulations we found that the ADM approach is faster than the standard trapezoidal time integration method for the comparable accuracy.
With the development of the modern power system and the computational hardware, the industrial and research communities are more interested in simulating larger and more complicated power grids. Various iterative solvers for linear systems have been investigated with power system applications for its parallel potential in large scale linear computations. They usually require preconditioning to improve their convergence rate. This work will discuss three preconditioners: Jacobi preconditioner, Chebyshev preconditioner, and a two-step preconditioner with Jacobi first and then Chebyshev. The results show that the two-step preconditioner provides better preconditioning effects than using any of them alone. Besides, the GPU implementation of the iterative solver and preconditioners shows performance improvement over Matlab implementation. The improvement can reach up to 8.9× with the two-step preconditioner for the largest test system. These results demonstrate great potential for both preconditioned iterative solver and GPU application in power system simulations.
The authors collaborated with a power utility to evaluate input devices for use in the human system interface (HSI) for a new digital Turbine Control System (TCS) at a nuclear power plant (NPP) undergoing a TCS upgrade. A standalone dynamic software simulation of the new digital TCS and a mobile kiosk were developed to conduct an input device study to evaluate operator preference and input device effectiveness. The TCS software presented the anticipated HSI for the TCS and mimicked (i.e., simulated) the turbine systems' responses to operator commands. Twenty-four licensed operators from the two nuclear power units participated in the study. Three input devices were tested: a trackpad, mouse, and touchscreen. The subjective feedback from the survey indicates the operators preferred the touchscreen interface. The operators subjectively rated the touchscreen as the fastest and most comfortable input device given the range of tasks they performed during the study, but also noted a lack of accuracy for selecting small targets. The empirical data suggest the mouse input device provides the most consistent performance for screen navigation and manipulating on-screen controls. The trackpad input device was both empirically and subjectively found to be the least effective and least desired input device.
In this paper, we derive a prediction model for the block error rate (BLER) of an AWGN channel as a function of (known) bit error rate (BER) for transmission over small-delay-dispersion channels, such as indoor, where cyclic prefix protection mechanism reliably prevents inter-symbol interference due to multipath. By adopting hypergeometric rather than common binomial distribution of erroneous bits within a data block, a novel BLER prediction formula is derived and validated first by model-specific MC simulations. Then, it is verified in LTE FDD downlink channel conditions, using an industry-standard software simulation tool. The achieved test results are shown to match the block error rate prediction coming out of the developed model, within expected limits.
Power system in its normal operating condition is analyzed and investigated by load flow studies. A typical electric power system has a large number of buses and that can only be analyzed with computational tools. A variety of computational tools are available for load flow analysis. This paper provides a qualitative comparison and evaluation of four power system analysis tools NEPLAN, PowerWorld, PSAT and MATPOWER, for load flow analysis of IEEE 9-bus and IEEE 14-bus systems.
This paper presents a compact dual-band dipole antenna with meander line radiating elements. The proposed antenna has a balanced structure with dimensions of 35×6×1.52 mm3, and mounted on a 36.2 × 100 mm2 floating ground plane. The balanced operation of the design is validated by incorporating a differential feed in the software simulation and a 180 ° hybrid junction is used for measurement with the network analyzer to verify the balanced concept of the prototype. Simulated and measured results of the S-parameters along with the de-tuning of the antenna in the presence of the human body shows good agreement. Moreover the proposed design is used as an exposure source to the simulated human head model. The human head is modeled as six layers in the Electromagnetic (EM) software HFSS to study the interaction between the proposed balanced antenna and the human head model. The Electric field (E-field) distribution in the six layers of the human head model is shown to estimate the penetration of the field when the antenna is placed at a distance of 7 mm from the proposed design. Also Local Specific Absorption Rates (SARs) and average SARs simulation results at 3.78 GHz and 4.29 GHz are shown. The SARs analysis showed that in all the six layers of the human head model, local SAR values are greater in fat and Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) for both the frequencies while the average SAR values are not very high.
Tool condition monitoring is gaining importance in area of the intelligent manufacturing. It not only reduces the time loss due to breakdown maintenance therefore reduces the production cost. The paper provides an approach to monitor tool health for a wood milling process using airborne acoustic emission. A total of six experiments are conducted for two types of woods;hard wood (Indian rosewood) and soft wood (Kair wood) with different tool health conditions. Acoustic signals of a milling process are recorded through a low-cost microphone and four features have been used for classification. Back-propagation neural network has been used to classify the tool health. Average accuracy of tool condition classification for hard wood is found to be 97.0%, while for the soft wood, it is found to be 78.4%. Experiments shows promising results for tool health monitoring for a wood milling process using airborne acoustic emission.
The measurement of electrical impedance/ temperature property of biological tissue is of great importance to develop electrical impedance method for the monitoring of hyperthermia process. Through software simulation and theoretical analysis, the authors present an original design of an impedance microprobe to measure the electrical impedance/ temperature property of biological tissues in a minimally invasive way and realize it. The microprobe has advantages of small size, small sensing volume, convenient for application, etc. Then, the basic performance test has been down, which indicates that the proposed impedance microprobe can be applied to the experimental research of electrical impedance/temperature property of biological tissue and can provide references for the monitoring of hyperthermia process based on electrical impedance technology.
A size reduction technique of the microstrip patch antenna using metamaterial has been proposed. In order to establish that, inset-fed microstrip patch antenna working with L-S band (2 GHz - 5 GHz) is optimized through the available closed form relations and CST (computer simulation technology) simulator, fabricated and measured. Then proposed microstrip patch antenna has been loaded with complementary split-ring resonator (CSRR) at the ground plane, fabricated and measured. Performance of both the antenna was compared with respect to reflection coefficient, in order to prove the miniaturization. Beforehand, a metamaterial property of the CSRR loaded substrate is verified using transmission line model. Proposed method shows significant reduction in the antenna size for the specific resonance frequency of operation.
A new model is established for kinetic road traffic flow with disturbance function. It is used to solve the multi-lane, open kinetic road traffic flow simulation problem. The Level of road Service (LOS) is used as the evaluation criteria. It is able to describe the behavior of the changes of the road flows, speeds, occupation ratios and other disturbance factors for the global road traffic flows. The simulation results show that the new model is more efficient and able to get better solutions than the kinetic system approach without disturbance. The proposed model can improve the usefulness of the transportation system simulation.
We consider the problem of designing a scene-specific pedestrian detector in a scenario where we have zero instances of real pedestrian data (i.e., no labeled real data or unsupervised real data). This scenario may arise when a new surveillance system is installed in a novel location and a scene-specific pedestrian detector must be trained prior to any observations of pedestrians. The key idea of our approach is to infer the potential appearance of pedestrians using geometric scene data and a customizable database of virtual simulations of pedestrian motion. We propose an efficient discriminative learning method that generates a spatially-varying pedestrian appearance model that takes into the account the perspective geometry of the scene. As a result, our method is able to learn a unique pedestrian classifier customized for every possible location in the scene. Our experimental results show that our proposed approach outperforms classical pedestrian detection models and hybrid synthetic-real models. Our results also yield a surprising result, that our method using purely synthetic data is able to outperform models trained on real scene-specific data when data is limited.
A compact dual band notched ultra wideband antenna is presented. The antenna is designed to notch two prominent wireless standards namely WLAN (5.15–5.85 GHz) and WiMax (3.3–3.85 GHz). The notched frequency bands are introduced by embedding two 90o clockwise rotated S-shaped stubs in the radiating patch. Insertion of two I-Shaped notches along both sides of the microstrip feed line in the ground plane enhanced the bandwidth up to 120%. The proposed antenna is compact having size 20×18 mm2 and covers the UWB frequency band from 2.8–10.6 GHz. The VSWR, gain and radiation pattern of the proposed antenna are simulated using computer simulation technology software. The antenna is also fabricated and results shows good acceptance with the simulated results.
A generic simulation method within heterogeneous system modeling is proposed enabling multi-domain vibro-acoustic gear simulation of electro-mechanical drive trains. The modeling approach accounts for cross-domain system simulation and numerical vibro-acoustic analysis including vibration excitation, structure-borne noise transmission and airborne sound emission. Peripheral mechanisms allow conservative coupling between different physical domains e.g. mechanical, electrical and thermal domain using a generalized physical network. The simulation method fulfills typical system model requirements - modularity, reusability, extensibility, simplicity and efficiency - by choosing a specific simulation technique for each system part. With regard towards the vibro-acoustic analysis, efficient lumped parameter modeling of gear mesh, multi-body simulation of gear components and bidirectional coupling between modal modes of gear housing geometries and rigid-body motion, ensure rapid prototyping. For method verification a system level vibro-acoustic gear model of an electro-mechanical drive train is generated. The simulation model allows studying rotational oscillations of the output shaft as well as three-dimensional multi-body vibration of gear parts and peripheral components. Though no partial differential equations are solved during the system simulation, spatial distribution of housing deflection can be analyzed. Subsequently, experimental results of motor torque and motor speed as well as surface vibration measured by means of a laser vibrometer are used for model validation. It is shown that the proposed method enables the analysis of airborne sound emission within system simulation. Finally, limitations of the modeling approach are illustrated.
This paper describes computer simulations of an ultra-wideband radar imaging system. The system is equipped with a multi-static antenna array and mounted on a forward-moving platform. We consider several target types, placed on ground surface or buried, and clutter from rough surface. This paper introduces a hybrid approach to the implementation of the radar transmitters, by replacing the physical antennas with equivalent currents sheets on a surrounding closed surface. The numerical results consist of large scale radar simulations in the presence of multiple targets embedded in a rough ground environment.
Electrothermal design and optimization of motor drive systems for automotive electric drivetrain applications requires simulation methods to handle large differences in timescale and component modelling across multiple physical domains. This paper presents an approach based on model-reduction and co-simulation techniques using commercially available finite element method (FEM) and circuit/system simulation software. The methodology is demonstrated on an industrial prototype.
This paper proposes an H∞ mixed sensitivity design of output current tracking controller in a stationary reference frame for general microgrid-tied inverter applications. Variations in a microgrid impedance values have been modeled as multiplicative uncertainty in the plant model. Equivalent microgrid voltage has been considered as the output disturbance acting on the plant. Particular weighting functions have been introduced as part of the H∞ algorithm. Weighting functions have been used for performance tuning by shaping the sensitivity and complementary sensitivity functions of the closed loop system. An 8th order H∞ controller has been synthesized and system robust stability has been evaluated using modified impedance stability criterion. Controller regulating performance has been validated using PSIM software simulation. Despite the fact that no resonance damping technique is applied, system has shown to be robustly stable under predefined microgrid parameters variations.
The VHF voice communication system currently used for air traffic control is experiencing increasing capacity problems. The “L-band Digital Aeronautical Communications System” is an upcoming technology providing an aeronautical datalink outside of the VHF band. The objective of this paper is to develop a method to emulate its communication performance. We developed a formal model of the system and implemented it on the basis of the dummynet network emulation tools. This implementation was deployed in a networking appliance and measured in a test-bed network. The results indicate that the emulator provides the performance predicted by simulations and is suitable to evaluate and verify protocols and applications envisioned to utilize this datalink.
This paper presents challenges associated with the assessment and testing of fault ride-through (FRT) compliance for intermittent power generation, in particular wind and solar generation in the Australian National Electricity Market. Examples discussed in this paper focus on wind farm applications. The same principles, however, hold true for other intermittent generation technologies such as solar generation. Two aspects of compliance are discussed, namely, adherence to technical performance requirements and accuracy of model data subsequently used for undertaking power system simulations. Analytical assessment of compliance through simulation studies and the impact of positive-sequence and detailed electromagnetic transient (EMT) models are discussed. On-site demonstration of FRT compliance through long-term monitoring and staged fault testing are presented. Results obtained from each method are compared against simulation studies and differences between measurements and simulations are discussed.
In this paper, a two-echelon layout planning model is proposed to determine the optimal wind farm layout to maximize its expected power output. In the first echelon, a grid composed of cells with equal size is utilized to model the wind farm, whereas the center of each cell is the potential slot for locating a wind turbine. Optimization models are developed to determine the optimal size of grid cells and the optimal cells for locating wind turbines. In the second echelon, the selected grid cells are then translated to sets of Cartesian coordinates. The model for determining the optimal coordinate rather than the center in a grid cell for locating each wind turbine is formulated. Due to the model complexity in both echelons, the random key genetic algorithm (RKGA) and particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm are applied to obtain the optimal solutions in the first and second echelon separately. The comparative analysis between the proposed two-echelon planning model and the traditional grid/coordinate-based planning models is conducted.
Numerical solutions of mathematical equations in scientific models are the result of several approximation steps. Konrad Hinsen uses a simulation of the solar system as an example for illustrating these approximations and explaining their role in the difficult problem of testing scientific software.
We propose a new method to simulate large scale water phenomena by combining particle, 3D grid and height field methods. In contrast to most hybrid approaches that use particles to simulate foam and spray only, we also represent the bulk of water near the surface with both particles and a grid depending on the regions of interest and switch between those two representations during the course of the simulation. For the coupling we leverage the recent idea of tracking the water surface with a density field in grid based methods. Combining particles and a grid simulation then amounts to adding the density field of the particles and the one stored on the grid. For open scenes, we simulate the water outside of the 3D grid domain by solving the Shallow Water Equations on a height field. We propose new methods to couple these two domains such that waves travel naturally across the border. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in various scenarios including a whale breaching simulation, all running in real-time or at interactive rates.
An essential characteristic for the accurate simulation of wideband antenna systems is the modeling of their intricate geometrical details, including the feeding ports. In this article, we describe a leap-frog (LF) discontinuous Galerkin (DG) time-domain (TD) method combined with an efficient local time-stepping (LTS) strategy to deal with the high contrast in the element sizes for the electromagnetic modeling of these kinds of structures. The traditional delta-gap source model and a realistic coaxial port model are revisited. Numerical examples are presented and validated with measurements and commercial software simulations to demonstrate the applicability of the proposed approach.
Optical networks-on-chips (ONoCs) are burgeoning structures of communication that can give a solution to the bandwidth and latency for multiprocessor systems-on-chips. Furthermore, photonic devices are widely used in ONoCs but suffer from crosstalk noise. Therefore, crosstalk noise is the critical factor that affects signal transmission and limits the network scale of ONoCs. To reduce the crosstalk noise sharply, an angle optimization that uses the cross angle of 60° or 120° instead of the conventional angle of 90° is proposed to optimize the Crux router. Furthermore, we present a signal transmission system simulation model for the mesh-based ONoC. For different routers applied to the mesh-based ONoC, the simulation model can present the time-domain waveform, eye diagram, and bit-error-rate (BER) curve clearly. On the basis of the analytical model, the results show that the minimum signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of a 7 × 7 mesh-based ONoC is 20.9 dB when using optimized Crux routers, and the injection power is equal to 0 dBm, which is 2.1 dB better than using Crux routers. Therefore, the application of angle optimization to the Crux router and mesh network can minimize crosstalk noise and improve the scalability of mesh-based ONoCs.
Renewable energy sources are expected to have a considerable share in the global energy mix over the next years and consequently further research is required to enhance the planning strategies, modify prudently the existing standards and set quality levels on delivered power in order to accommodate the penetration of these technologies. Depending on the distribution grid dynamics and the load demand, the amplitude of voltage may vary significantly, and therefore proper simulation models are required for performing dedicated studies. In this study, a simplified and accurate model representing the distribution grid dynamics is introduced for power quality studies in the presence of distributed photovoltaic (PV) generators. The proposed simplified distribution grid model (SDGM) is validated using measurements and it is then used along with a verified PV system model to estimate the voltage variation and PV capacity of the distribution grid under investigation. Moreover, a sensitivity analysis is performed by varying the parameters of the SDGM to assess how the PV capacity is altered. As a last step, common voltage regulation schemes are analysed through the use of the proposed model, validating operational modes that can accommodate high distributed PV capacities.
This paper describes the output performance of a strapped vane type 2.450 ± 0.030-GHz magnetron in the presence of a dielectric material. A 3-D particle in cell software computer simulation technology has been used for this study. The side resonators (cavities) of the magnetron are partially filled with a low-loss dielectric material (εr = 11.7 and tanδ = 3.5 × 10-6). The efficiency and output power of the magnetron have been increased by 2% and 10%, respectively, by dielectric material filling. It has been found that oscillation start-up time of magnetron is not directly affected by dielectric material filling as described in previous research papers. In addition, it has also been found that magnetron output performance remains almost the same for the lossless and the low-loss dielectric material.
This study presents a technique to identify current transformer (CT) saturation based on waveshape properties of the CT secondary current. First, a variable-length window, designated as the symmetry assessment window (SAW), is defined. Certain distinctive features of the distorted and undistorted currents inside the SAW are extracted by defining two variance functions. Using the extracted features, a new criterion is introduced to detect CT saturation. The proposed method is unaffected by fault current characteristics and CT variable parameters, such as CT burden, core remanence and its magnetising curve. One major contribution of this method is allowing cheaper measurement systems for busbar protection by easing the relay CT requirements. Analysis of real power system fault currents in a real-time manner using a hardware setup is accompanied by PSCAD/EMTDC simulation results to verify the accuracy and high speed of the proposed technique in various conditions.
The described educational system simulation of micro-accelerometers. Formulated factors in choosing accelerometers. The structure of the system and its information provision are developed.
In this paper an ultra-wideband 80 GHz FMCW-radar system for contactless monitoring of respiration and heart rate is investigated and compared to a standard monitoring system with ECG and CO2 measurements as reference. The novel FMCW-radar enables the detection of the physiological displacement of the skin surface with submillimeter accuracy. This high accuracy is achieved with a large bandwidth of 10 GHz and the combination of intermediate frequency and phase evaluation. This concept is validated with a radar system simulation and experimental measurements are performed with different radar sensor positions and orientations.
Highly intelligent search and tracking radars operating in various frequency bands are integral part of defense system against long range ballistic missiles. Frequency and polarization agile active countermeasure system facilitates deception and delayed discrimination & target acquisition by these threat radars. This paper presents design and verification of a multi octave expendable active countermeasure system using novel triple closed loop system simulation and measurement methodology implemented via software-hardware-software (SW-HW-SW) interface. A virtual radar-channel-counter-measure-channel-radar scenario was generated using system simulation tool. The path between transmitter and receiver of radar simulation model was looped back using target Radar Cross Section (RCS) model and countermeasure model implemented in software whereas third loop-back was implemented using fabricated hardware. Simultaneous coherent detection and analysis of these three time-synchronized received signals were carried out for verification of deception and visualization of fabricated artificial target as perceived by ground based radar in hypothetical conditions. The design and verification methodology with results have been presented for conducted mode tests.
Microgrids comprising multiple distributed energy resources are being increasingly integrated into electricity networks. Considering the multiplicity of the distributed energy resources, it is impractical to represent them as detailed models in power system simulations. Hence, it will be attractive for electricity utilities to employ simplified models of microgrids in dynamic studies. This paper proposes a method for representing grid-tied microgrids as simplified models in such studies. The proposed aggregated modelling approach investigates the applicability of modal analysis as a tool for model aggregating of grid-tied microgrids. A new step to automate the selection of dominant modes is introduced in the model aggregating procedure. Validity of the reduced order dynamic equivalents is tested under different operating conditions. The paper demonstrates that the enhanced modal analysis reduces the model order and enables the representation of a hybrid microgrid in terms of the states of the microgrid PCC, while preserving the important dynamics.
L-band radiometry is a promising pathway for soil moisture estimation at global scale. An observation system simulation experiment was conducted for LEWIS over the SMOSREX bare soil site in 2006 through coupling the Variable Infiltration Capacity(VIC) land surface model and a Multi-Option L-band Microwave Emission Model(MOLMEM) in this study. Impacts from different dielectric constant models and roughness correction schemes on brightness temperature simulation were analyzed.
Target brightness temperature maps can be used in geostationary interferometric microwave sounder (GIMS) system simulation. System simulation with accurate target brightness temperature maps can evaluate system performance in near real case and thus help adjust design parameters for the sensor before it is finally put into use. In this paper, method of simulating target brightness temperature using Weather Research and Forecasting Model and Radiative Transfer for TOVS (RTTOV) has been discussed. Target brightness temperature simulation results at oxygen absorption band and water-vapor absorption band have been presented. Some preliminary analyses of simulated brightness temperature for GIMS' observation have also been given.
The design of a 108GHz folded waveguide (FW) traveling-wave oscillator is presented in this paper. The dispersion of the FW was calculated by theoretical method and electromagnetic software simulation. To make the designed oscillator work at the best operating point, the beam voltage, number of periods, magnetic field, and radius of beam tunnel are all need to be optimized. Particle-in-cell (PIC) simulations were carried out to optimize the performance of the FW oscillator. As a result, the optimized FW oscillator can obtain the output power of 527W at 108GHz with the beam voltage of 20.1kV.
Attention has been focused on 3D chip stacking for reducing the semiconductor area per chip while maintaining the overall performance. By using inductive coupling wireless Thru-Chip Interface (TCI) in chip stack for a 3D multiprocessor, the replacement/addition/removing of chips is made possible using the inductive coupling wireless TCI in the chip stack for a 3D multiprocessor and thus, high flexibility is provided. A bus can be easily formed with the TCI by stacking duplex wired coils in the same place on the stacked chip. However, traditional static time division multiple access (STDMA) cannot make use of the potential bus bandwidth, while dynamic time division multiple access (DTDMA) requires a lot of coils that cannot be efficiently used for the control signals. We propose an asynchronous TDMA bus (A-TDMA bus) that uses the CSMA/CD protocol and a resonant synchronous TDMA bus (RS-TDMA bus) that uses a resonant synchronized clock and a look-ahead technique to improve the use of the bandwidth of a 3D shared bus. The results of a network simulation using the GEM5 simulator showed that the zero-load latency of both proposed methods was reduced by 29% in a four-chip stack and 50% in an eight-chip stack compared to that of STDMA. A full system simulation using GEM5 shows that the execution time of the proposed methods decreased by 6.5% in the four-chip stack and 17% in the eight-chip stack compared with that of STDMA.
The number of network systems and network applications is rapidly increasing with the wide deployment of broadband network access. Network protocols and algorithms, as key components of network systems, are usually developed and evaluated in a simulated network, an emulated network and/or a real network. In this paper, we propose evalBox, a cross-platform evaluation framework that provides support to deploy network systems in various evaluation platforms. The framework supports network simulation, network emulation, and real deployment. Hence, a network system once implemented can then be directly deployed in any platform supported by evalBox for evaluation. The design of evalBox effective mitigates the effort involved in the learning/training phase of these platforms and eliminates the redundant tasks involved in porting a network system across different platforms for evaluation.
Network emulation strikes the balance between using real machines on full-fledged networks and running software models of applications and networks in simulation environments. Advanced Linux features make it possible to emulate entire networks on a single machine, enabling experiments that are much easier to run and repeat. However, some of these features were not designed with the primary purpose of supporting emulation frameworks: if not carefully configured, they can lead to erroneous results. In this paper we note a few properties of Linux-based network emulation that researchers should consider while planning their experiments. We also recommend a particular configuration that improves the fidelity of emulation results.
The heterogeneous deployment of high-power macro cells and low-power small cells is expected to become the most common approach for operators to meet the increasing demand for capacity in high traffic areas, such as, dense urban hotspots. Furthermore, the recent proposals for operating Long Term Evolution (LTE) networks in the unlicensed spectrum bands (LTE-U) is being considered as an approach for providing additional spectrum for dense small cell deployments. However, the implementation of affordable and flexible small cell backhaul links remains challenging. To that end, self-backhauling the small cells via the existing macro cells as interesting approach, but has limited capacity compared to traditional dedicated backhaul links. In this paper, we investigate possible performance enhancements through the use of LTE-Advanced enhancements, specifically: coordinated multipoint and carrier aggregation (CA), to relax the downlink backhaul capacity bottleneck for self-backhauled LTE-U small cells. We study this proposed approach through system simulations of a selected realistic deployment scenario in a busy area of Addis Ababa. The results of the simulation campaign demonstrate that deployment of self-backhauled LTE-U small cells in dense urban hotspots can provide notable throughput gains, particularly for the case CA enhancements in the small cell backhaul links.
The integration of photovoltaic (PV) arrays to the power grid has continued to increase globally. Large PV array installations in the order of 100s of megawatt have already been installed. One of such large PV array installations is the Topaz PV array with an installed capacity of 500MW. With the increasing penetration of PV arrays, it is important to develop an accurate model for PV arrays. Such model will aid in performing state estimation, condition monitoring, load flow analysis, and other analytical studies. Several models for the PV module have been proposed in various publications. However, these models are written in a form that is effective for analyzing the PV module as an individual device. To analyze the PV array in an integrated power system, the form of the PV array model needs to be modified. This modification enables the establishment of connectivity between power system devices, and the definition of the admittance between the buses of the power system network. Consequently, computations such as load flow analysis and state estimation can be performed seamlessly. In this paper, a novel method for modeling a two-diode PV module is proposed. This model applies a scaling factor to the Taylor series expansion of the PV array model exponential terms. Next, the higher order terms of series expansion is reduced to at most second order terms using quadratization technique. This modeling method can also be applied to other PV array models, such as the one-diode and three-diode models. The form of the proposed PV array model enables seamless simulation of the PV array system in an integrated power system network.
We propose and analyse an on-chip interconnect design for improving the efficiency of multicore processors. Conventional interconnection networks are usually based on a single homogeneous network with uniform processing of all traffic. While the design is simplified, this approach can have performance bottlenecks and limitations on system efficiency. We investigate the traffic pattern of several real world applications. Based on a directory cache coherence protocol, we characterise and categorize the traffic in terms of various aspects. It is discovered that control and unicast packets dominated the network, while the percentages of data and multicast messages are relatively low. Furthermore, we find most of the invalidation messages are multicast messages, and most of the multicast messages are invalidation message. The multicast invalidation messages usually have higher number of destination nodes compared with other multicast messages. These observations lead to the proposed triple class interconnect, where a dedicated multicast-capable network is responsible for the control messages and the data messages are handled by another network. By using a detailed full system simulation environment, the proposed design is compared with the homogeneous baseline network, as well as two other network designs. Experimental results show that the average network latency and energy delay product of the proposed design have improved 24.4% and 10.2% compared with the baseline network.
Gait planning is an important part of robotics research, and turning gait is an important and useful walking gait of a hexapod robot. But researches on turning gait of hexapod robots are limited. This paper presents the structure of a hydraulic hexapod walking robot. The coordinate of the leg is defined, and the positive and inverse kinematic equation of the leg is established. Foot trajectory based on cycloid during swing phase is planned, and the foot trajectory of support phase is also planned. A turning gait can be divided into the first half cycle and the second half cycle, and the turning gait based on tripod gait of the hexapod robot is planned. A virtual simulation platform for the hexapod robot is developed based on Vortex software. The platform consists of robot model module, manipulator and control module, terrain model module and foot-terrain interaction module. The simulation process is presented, and the turning gait is realized on the simulation platform. Finally, the simulation results show that the foot trajectory curves and the joint angle curves are smooth, and there is no conflict between the curves of six legs. The rationality and feasibility of the proposed method has been verified.
This paper introduces a kind of hydraulic control system using direct drive mode to rotate bucket-wheel, presents the principle of the system and the difference between conventional throttle control, valve control and direct drive. The simulation model of bucket-wheel direct drive hydraulic system was established and simplified correspondingly. Eventually got the transfer function of the system. This paper analyzes the stability and rapidity of system using Matlab Simulink tools for system simulation, and shows the influence of various parameters on the system based on the structure of the transfer function and the simulation result, it has certain practical value.
In this paper, the problem of reducing the risks involved in the critical situations in the techno-social systems with complicated infrastructure and characterized by large crowds, such as airports, train stations, shopping centers, etc. is considered. The task is to be solved with technical safety system on the basis of fuzzy decision support system and self-organizing sensor system. Architectures of decision support system and self-organizing sensor system are offered. An example of the system simulation is proposed.
This paper will present an implemented solution for the production of stochastical feed-in curves of photovoltaic and wind energy. Therefore a climate database with more than 800 weather stations across the EU-27 was set up. The data were obtained with the software Meteonorm??. The obtained weather data are compared with real, measured data and then integrated in a simulation framework in Matlab/Simulink??. In addition technical models for photovoltaic and wind energy systems are presented. Finally the produced feed-in curves are investigated with respect to their characteristics and differences. Furthermore the impact of these differences on energy system simulation will be highlighted on the example of energy storage needs of high renewable energy scenarios for Germany.
Binary offset carrier (BOC) modulation signals have been widely adopted in global navigation satellite systems (GNSSs) such as Galileo and modernized global positioning system. Although this kind of modulation offers excellent performances, a main drawback of BOC modulation is that ambiguous acquisition and biased tracking for its multi-peak autocorrelation function (ACF). This article presents herein an improved acquisition technique allows removal of side peaks thoroughly without any residual and acquire much shaper main peak. This scheme is applicable to sine-BOC(n,n) modulation signals. Theoretical analysis and system simulations demonstrate the algorithm proposed has a much better performance in aspect of peak-to-average power ratio compared with other typical algorithms under the influence of additive white Gaussian noise. Meanwhile, we simulate the probability of detection, which demonstrates algorithm proposed here with excellent performance in acquisition.
Rapid developments and emergence of diverse wireless systems call for radio frontends with agile and multistandard properties. Within this publication the performance of a direct RF digitizing ????-modulator based analog-to-digital converter (ADC) is evaluated based on orthogonal frequency division multiplex (OFDM) system simulation on the bitstream layer. The necessary transmit and receive building blocks are introduced as well as the previously developed reconfigurable ADC under test. The proposed approach allows flexible testing of different ADCs by analyzing the influence of the ADC's noise shaping on performance indicators like error vector magnitude (EVM) and symbol error rate (SER). The necessary steps for the combination of the OFDM signal generation and the system level simulation of the ????-modulator-ADC into a multi-domain simulation are introduced and discussed.
Due to the increasing complexity of photovoltaic systems and problems linked to development and design, verification of the entire system operation is essential before real implementation. Besides, high requirements of a real-time simulation and control circuit prototyping before application increases safeness, and can reduce time and costs of implementation. For this end, the purpose of this work is to achieve photovoltaic system development and its design verification through system simulation using FPGA device. The verification method used in this study is the ???Hardware-In-the-Loop??? (HIL) simulation method. It provides an effective platform for developing and testing real time embedded systems. In this paper, we design the power circuit and we develop the open-circuit voltage controller which tracks the maximum power point. Then, the HIL simulation process is performed for the photovoltaic system. The efficiency of the photovoltaic system is validated by the simulation results.
Our objective is to provide researchers with an inexpensive and fast photoacoustic imaging (PAI) device for exvivo studies. We implement this using an acoustic lens based focusing idea together with photoacoustic technology, resulting in a prototype imaging system. A complete photoacoustic imaging system simulation modeling is presented. The system resolution is evaluated through simulation and experiment. Imaging capability with the prototype system is demonstrated.
The power demand in 14V automotive power nets has increased continuously in the last years. New approaches for energy and power management systems are essential in order to ensure a safe and efficient operation of the power supply. This paper describes a method, how to export the physical models of a power net system simulation to a test bench using the FMI standard. For this purpose, an existing test bench is adapted in its architecture and converted to a real-time system that is scalable by the new PXImc-technology. Finally the method is validated by two simple models.
Accurate and fast simulations of photovoltaic systems are essential for streamlining system design and for correctly assessing their economic merit and impact on the electric grid. Typically, simulations of these systems are done over a period of one year with hourly resolution, and require taking into account the different operating conditions of each solar panel, e.g., incident irradiance, as well as circuit constraints, e.g., Kirchhoff's laws. Under nonuniform irradiance conditions, a typical consequence of shading, differences in panel operating conditions significantly increase simulation complexity and time. This is because such simulations require solving circuits of panels having potentially many different current-voltage characteristics. In this work, techniques are explored for reducing model complexity in such a way that systems operating under nonuniform irradiance conditions can be simulated fast and accurately. The techniques explored are based on identifying a suitable number of panel groups based on panel energy dispersion, clustering panels based on sub-sampled irradiance conditions into the identified number of groups, and reducing coupling among the resulting system components. The techniques have been tested using Aurora Solar's module-level simulation engine on four systems that operate under nonuniform irradiance conditions. The results obtained suggest that significant simulation speedups can be obtained while maintaining adequate levels of accuracy.
As solar energy penetration in the power grid increases, utilities face great challenges coping with the variable output of solar power, especially from photovoltaics (PV) panels. In this research, we investigate the impact of distributed versus centralized solar resource on distribution network using power system simulation and solar now-casting with sky imager. The distribution network studied is a large and realistic distribution system in San Diego area modelled by our research team at UCSD and validated against power flow and short circuit data given from a local utility. The network has 1733 customer loads, summing up to 11.1 MW demand, and 2.3 MW PV in peak power production. Special scenarios are set up to simulate the difference between distributed and centralized solar resource with PV penetration levels (defined as max PV power output divided by max load demand) from 0 to 100%. OpenDSS is used for quasi steady-state simulations of the network on a partly cloudy day (December 12th, 2012). Solar now-casting using UCSD Sky Imaging (USI) system is utilized to provide unique PV production curves for all PV systems on the network. The impacts of solar resource including voltage level, line losses, power consumption and number of tap operations are reported for each investigated case and. It is shown that centralized configuration is much more severely impacted by high PV penetration than distributed set up in terms of high voltage level, increasing number of tap operations, and reverse power flow.
This work presents the results for the use of a methodology to predict in a statistically reliable way, the impact of the behavior in steady-state of the massification of Grid-connected photovoltaic system to a low-voltage system. The methodology can be implemented either in common using programming software or using any commercial electric system simulation software. First, a grid-connected photovoltaic model was determined and verified for comparing its behavior with output measured on a real installed system 3.6 kWp. Parallel, atmospheric parameters which affect the PV system's behavior were characterized in statistically way from actual measurements. The solar resource characterized and the photovoltaic system model are integrated in a non-deterministic approach using the stochastic method to estimate the electrical parameters in steady- state, describing the influence of massification of the Grid-connected PV systems in low-voltage grid.
The paper provides an analysis of the performance of the battery (1MW/1MWh) and wind system (1.7MW) when connected to weak or strong grid. Understanding the performance of the battery and analysis of the battery system tied to the distribution grid with heavy penetration of wind as a function of the strength of the grid is discussed with the aim to understand the optimized energy flow between the battery, the wind farm, and the utility grid, energy management for storage, battery performance, energy dispatch and reliability. The advanced battery model utilizes the dual polarization electrical equivalent model for the analysis. The grid-connected battery and wind system simulation results are obtained using PSCAD software.
The open power system simulation framework RAPSim provides interfaces for extending and adapting simulation models and algorithms. This is especially useful for researchers working with experimental custom models. The code of RAPSim is available under an open source license which allows users to publish extensions together with the original code. This paper gives an overview on the software architecture of RAPSim and introduces the necessary steps to implement a new customized model by the example of a wind turbine model, which can be implemented with three short code snippets and by specifying an icon for the graphical user interface. As a result, the new wind turbine model is available for simulation models and can be handled with full GUI support.
A pipeline of processors can increase the throughput of streaming applications significantly. Communication between processors in such a system can occur via FIFOs, shared memory or both. The use of a cache for the shared memory can improve performance. To see the effect of differing cache configurations (size, line size and associativity) on performance, typical full system simulations for each differing cache configuration must be performed. Rapid estimation of performance is difficult due to the cache being accessed by many processors. In this paper, for the first time, we show a method to estimate the performance of a pipelined processor system in the presence of differing sizes of caches which connect to the main memory. By performing just a few full simulations for a few cache configurations, and by using these simulations to estimate the hits and misses for other configurations, and then by carefully annotating the times of traces by the estimated hits and misses, we are able to estimate the throughput of a pipelined system to within 90% of its actual value. The estimation time takes less than 10% of full simulation time. The estimated values have a fidelity of 0.97 on average (1 being perfectly correlated) with the actual values.
This paper presents a distributed cognitive radio network architecture for joint routing and spectrum access, its implementation with software-defined radios (SDRs), and its evaluation in a high-fidelity emulation testbed. CREATE-NEST, a comprehensive cognitive radio system, is built as an experimental prototype that provides a Cognitive Radio nEtworking ArchiTecturE (CREATE) for distributed support of cross-layer optimization in cognitive radio networks, and the Network Emulator Simulator Testbed (NEST) capability for plug-and-play cognitive network implementation with USRP N210 radios. CREATE deploys a full protocol stack with distributed coordination (no common control channel) and local network state information, and integrates neighborhood discovery, spectrum sensing and channel estimation with joint routing and channel access implemented with backpressure algorithm. The high fidelity, controllable and repeatable wireless testbed platform, NEST, supports USRP N210 radios communicating with each other through RFnest, a high fidelity wireless network emulation tool. RFnest provides realistic physical channel environments under various path loss, fading, delay, and mobility scenarios for cognitive networks and provides protocol design verification and evaluation over realistic RF channels with digitally controlled channel impulse responses. The CREATE-NEST implementation is distributed with plug-and-play devices running identical codes and scales up seamlessly. Extensive emulation testbed results are provided to verify the CREATE-NEST implementation.
Various trust models have recently been proposed in order to develop trust-based security and/or network services. Although the trust models have been tested through extensive simulation to verify and validate their performance gains, there has been little effort to validate the models using network emulation to provide more realistic network characteristics. In this work, we present trustd, a trust daemon created to provide a capability to evaluate trust in distributed network environments. trustd has been deployed in CORE (Common Open Research Emulator), which enables the system to conduct peer-to-peer trust estimation in a fully distributed emulated network. In this work, we present the architectural framework and implementation details of trustd. In particular, we discuss the process of taking the trust metric theory and implementing it as a UNIX-system daemon providing trust-evaluation services to the system. In addition, we compare our experimental and simulation results and analyze their trends in terms of the accuracy of trust estimation and trust evolution over time in the presence of malicious nodes in the network.
This work focuses on evaluating a new metric for the timeliness of information in a status monitoring system, referred to as the age of information or the status age. Investigation into the age of information metric is fairly recent and has primarily been focused on theoretical analysis, and there has been no evaluation of the metric in a realistic system of networked nodes. We evaluate the age metric in a realistic wireless system using the open source network emulation tools CORE and EMANE. Our goal is to validate theoretical results on age for a single link across a wide range of system parameters. In addition to verifying existing theoretical results, we go further by adding more theoretical results that better model the emulated system than currently offered in the theory. Our results indicate that the theoretical results are indicative of real world behavior, but we also identify the limitations of the theoretical models and the impact on the emulated age.
South African manufacturing companies today need to be more sophisticated technologically to compete for global markets. The latest trend in automation and manufacturing emerges in the form of reconfigurable systems. The aim of this paper is to show the development of a reconfigurable assembly system and using virtual commissioning to plan, validate and optimize it. To achieve this ???DELMIA??? software was used to create a virtual simulation environment to verify an assembly cell from such a system as a case study. Simulations were conducted to verify software functions, device movements and operations, and the control software of the system. As a result, it was found that virtual commissioning is an excellent tool for predicting how the system will function, verifying system code early, and rectifying design flaws. This will enable manufacturing companies to be more competitive, ensure increased productivity, save time and ensure them an advantage over their competition.
This paper presents a system simulation of wireless telemetry for a bio medical application. The idea is for the patient to swallow a capsule that then travels through the digestive tract or alimentary canal of the human body. Passing internal organs of different sizes and density making the communication between the capsule and the receiver more complex. The capsule includes a battery, transmitter, camera and antenna. The images from the camera are transmitted to the receiver located outside and in close proximity to the human body. The simulated system included a transmitter and dual receiver antenna design, transmitter and receiver block diagrams and a thermal analysis of what is happening inside the human body due to the effects of the transmitting antenna.
Implementation of vector control for a VSC-based equipment installed in a power system relies on the accurate and fast tracking of the phase of voltage at the point of common coupling (PCC) by a phase locked loop (PLL). This paper investigates the influence of power system dynamics on the performance of the PLL by connecting the PLL to a power system. Results of power system simulation demonstrate that the PLL's performance is significantly affected by power system dynamics, which is not observable under the normal test condition with the PLL being connected to a three-phase voltage source. In the paper, three representative design schemes of the PLL are examined and tested with various simulation results presented.
QSFP connector is used for high bandwidth telecommunication and data communication applications. It has strict limitations on the thermal dissipation, the impedance mismatch and the electromagnetic interference. This paper proposes to modify the plastic fixture wafers and to insert additional internal heat sinker, thereby creating an new air flow channel in QSFP connector to enhance the thermal dissipation. Both the software simulation and the hardware measurement are applied to verify the performance of the proposed design. This paper also proposes an improved size design flow for the top-layer heat sinker by using Taguchi method. The designed signal factors, the control levels setup, the mathematical analysis on the simulation results are described to demonstrate the design flow.
Power system protection schemes are verified today using Monte-Carlo simulation and manual interpretation of results. The limitation of this verification technique is uncertainty of complete coverage of all possible operating conditions due to the time complexity of simulation. In this two-part paper, an automated simulation-based verification technique is proposed to verify the correctness of protection settings efficiently using hybrid automata-temporal-logic framework. In Part I, hybrid automata models of protection schemes and temporal-logic assertions for desired relay operations are presented. An example is provided to demonstrate the automated verification technique in detail. Its companion Part II presents a technique for test-case generation to ensure early detection of design errors.
Earlier calculations of geomagnetically induced currents (GICs) in Chinese power grids have mainly concentrated on the highest voltage-level system whose geomagnetic risk is considered to be the largest, thus ignoring secondary voltage-level systems. With the 1000-kV system being newly added to China's power system, it is significant to figure out the interaction between GIC in the 500 kV [extremely high voltage (EHV)] system and GIC in the 1000 kV [ultra-high voltage (UHV)] system. Based on the North China-Central China-East China Power Grids, this paper establishes a single-voltage grid by only considering the 1000-kV system and a dual-voltage grid by considering the 1000- and 500-kV systems and investigates GIC in these two grids by developing their GIC “Full-node models.” The impact of the 500-kV system on GIC in the 1000-kV system is analyzed. GIC risks in the UHV and EHV systems are assessed by comparing calculated GIC data with monitored values of GIC. The results show that the impact of the 500-kV system on GIC in the 1000-kV system is obvious, both the EHV and the UHV grid have a high GIC risk. So calculating GIC in the UHV system and in the EHV system should utilize GIC modeling methods for multivoltage power grids.
This paper proposes a parallel multimodal optimization algorithm that is combined with electromagnetic transient simulation in a platform that unifies the setup, test, and execution of optimal designs for power systems. The algorithm speeds up the design of power systems as its computations can be executed independently on a highly parallelized environment. Additional speedup is achieved by using a surrogate model to estimate the objective function in regions of suspected local optima. The estimated functions can be used in the subsequent stages of postoptimization studies, such as sensitivity analyses. Comparative studies, in terms of computation time, are conducted against sequential execution of the proposed algorithm. The optimal design of a VSC-HVDC transmission is described to demonstrate the capabilities of the proposed algorithm.
The main features of the history-dependent inverse model of magnetic hysteresis are outlined. Its implementation into the Electromagnetic Transient Program-Alternative Transients Program (EMTP-ATP) is described, and the fitting of the model to catalog data is demonstrated. The abilities of the model are illustrated by its use in a single-phase transformer model.
This paper focuses on collaborative learning and educational languages in order to model collaborative instruction. In a previous work, we carried out and tested a collaborative instructional framework (CIF) based on pedagogical goals of the analysis level of Bloom's taxonomy named CIF. Besides, we developed a collaborative tool that supports CIF named mobile collaborative argument support (MoCAS). We conducted experiments in the classroom with students and teachers using CIF and MoCAS and we realized that CIF needed to be improved. Our research goal presented in this paper is to improve CIF to make it support interoperability and portability using educational standards in a learning management systems. Therefore, we present the CIF modeled with intelligent manufacturing system standards using the reload learning design and Moodle tools.
The architecture of cellular systems is currently revolutionized in order to remove the capacity limitation that is enforced by intercell interference. Instead of considering signals that propagate across cell boundaries as intercell interference, novel coordinated multipoint (CoMP) techniques exploit multicell propagation through joint signal processing of multiple base stations (BSs). Extensive research on these techniques should guarantee that ultimately the most effective forms of CoMP are standardized and implemented and that operators can evaluate the costs and benefits of introducing CoMP into their networks before deployment. CoMP algorithms are typically evaluated using system simulations. However, an open challenge is to see if life measurements in a field trial can demonstrate the performance characteristic. In particular as, in the past, system simulations failed to meet their purpose of accurate performance assessment. Thus, in order to promote innovations, performance needs to be assessed under real-world conditions, and simulation studies have to be accompanied by field trials that prove the maturity of a concept and provide reference data. This paper compares multicell propagation in field trials to that obtained through simulation and thus shows the accuracy of the approach taken for system-level simulations. It provides a basis for enhancements of joint detection algorithms and cellular system design in general.
Overvoltages due to internal and external sources stress the insulation of the power system equipment. Usually the insulation design of any power equipment is tested with standard lightning impulse voltage. In practical cases, the insulations are stressed with overvoltages of non-standard waveshapes like steep fronted, Very Fast Transient Overvoltages (VFTO) and oscillatory impulses also. This demands the study on behavior of insulating materials under non-standard impulses. The prediction of v-t characteristics of any insulating material for such non-standard overvoltages is required for proper insulation design. In this regard, an attempt is made to characterize air insulation using existing Disruptive Effect model for standard lightning impulse (1.2/50 μs) and is found successful only for time to breakdown (tb) greater than 2 μs. Hence, an extended Disruptive Effect model is proposed to cater to tb less than 2μs and the model is verified up to VFTO. The model is also verified for impulses of varying front times between 90 ns to 1.2 μs with oscillations.
This paper describes a simple approach to electromagnetic design of vane-type resonant system for high-power high-efficient industrial continuous wave (CW) magnetrons. It uses empirical equations in conjunction with normalization techniques to synthesize all the parameters of the resonant structure and then optimize them through simulation using computer simulation technology, microwave studio/particle studio. A method to select constant parameters in the empirical equations has been proposed and shown to be effective in designing practical high-power CW magnetrons. The approach has been benchmarked by designing and developing a double ring ten-vane resonator for a 10-kW output power at a 2.45 GHz ± 30 MHz frequency CW magnetron with a 75% efficiency. The measured circuit parameters such as π-mode frequency, quality factors, and circuit efficiency were found in good agreement with the computed one validating the effectiveness of the proposed design approach. The particle-in-cell simulation of this magnetron predicted that an output power of 10.98 kW can be achieved with an efficiency of 71.45%.
A thorough analysis of equalization-enhanced phase noise (EEPN) and its impact on the coherent optical system is presented. We show with a time-domain analysis that EEPN is caused due to the interference of multiple delayed versions of the dispersed signal, generated by intermixing of the received dispersed signal, and the noise side bands of the local oscillator (LO) in the photodetectors. We derive statistical properties such as the mean, variance, and error vector magnitude of the received signal influenced with EEPN. We show that in coherent optical systems utilizing electronic dispersion compensation, this noise corresponds to multipath fading in wireless communication systems. Closed-form expressions of necessary LO linewidth and/or mitigation bandwidth for a general system configuration and specified OSNR penalty are given. The expressions for system design parameters, validated with system simulations, show that higher order modulation formats, such as 16-quadrature amplitude modulation and beyond, put stringent demands on the LO linewidth unless a mitigation technique is used.
A reduced model approach to decrease computational complexity in power system transient stability simulation is presented. This study investigates conditions that make fast modes active or inactive using practical power system examples. Modes in the original system where fast dynamics do not appear can be neglected, allowing simulation steps to be increased without numerical stability issues. During a transient simulation, the proposed method switches dynamically between the original exciter model and the reduced one, depending on the switching criterion presented. A high level of accuracy is achieved and computational efficiency is increased. Case studies with the Western Electricity Coordinating Council system are provided to validate the performance of the proposed method.
The enhancement of power conversion efficiency of a classical axial VIRtual CAthode oscillaTOR (vircator) by introducing one or more reflectors beyond the anode in the cylindrical waveguide is numerically investigated. The targeted microwave (MW) output frequency lies in the S-band at around 3 GHz for an operation in TM01 mode. Powered by a 511-kV voltage signal for a duration of 45 ns, the design under consideration operates with an injected electron beam of mean voltage and mean current of around 508 kV and 19 kA, respectively. Full-wave 3-D modeling is performed using well-tested electromagnetic particle-in-cell codes such as Computer Simulation Technology Particle Studio and Magic. Simple rules for designing and installing the reflectors are given. The number of reflectors required to maximize the efficiency is discussed. The power conversion efficiency is shown to be improved over a classical axial vircator design by a factor of 12.8. A maximum mean output power of about 1.26 GW is delivered off-axis in the S-band at around 3 GHz, with an efficiency of nearly 13%. Besides, it is also shown that increasing the number of reflectors allows switching the operation mode from TM01 to TE11 along with a shift of MWfrequency from the S- to the L-band. A five- or six-reflector configuration is predicted to generate MW at both 2.86 and 1.4 GHz with conversion efficiencies ranging from 3.5% to 6.6%. A vircator including seven reflectors is expected to operate in TE11 mode at 1.4 GHz with an efficiency of about 8%.
In this study, a novel algorithm for detecting and classifying faults in high-voltage transmission lines is proposed. The algorithm is based on the discrete wavelet transform (DWT) and singular value decomposition (SVD). The DWT is used for extracting the currents' high-frequency components under fault conditions. Signals under each fault condition are scaled in frequency, in order to build a wavelet matrix. By means of the SVD, the maximum singular value is calculated and employed in this proposal. The attained results exhibit that the maximum singular value represents a good indicator for the issue. This novel approach for detecting and classifying faults in power systems is called maximum wavelet singular value. Phase-to-ground, two-phase to ground, and three-phase faults' simulations under different fault impedances are carried out by DIgSILENT Power Factory. The analysed fault conditions are evaluated demonstrating that the proposal reduces the computational burden and the time detection.
This paper presents a lifetime reliability characterization of many-core processors based on a full-system simulation of integrated microarchitecture, power, thermal, and reliability models. Under normal operating conditions, our model and analysis reveal that the mean-time-to-failure of cores on the die show normal distribution. From the processor-level perspective, the key insight is that reducing the variance of the distribution can improve lifetime reliability by avoiding early failures. Based on this understanding, we present two variance reduction techniques for proactive reliability management;i) proportional dynamic voltage-frequency scaling (DVFS) and ii) coordinated thread swapping. A major advantage of using variance reduction techniques is that the improvement of system lifetime reliability can be achieved without adding design margins or spare components.
When conducting the wind power (WP) planning, it is very important for electric power companies to evaluate the penetration limit of the grid-accommodable WP. This paper proposes a probabilistic method for determining grid-accommodable WP capacity based on the multiscenario analysis. Typical power system operation scenarios are generated from the combination of different WP scenarios and demand scenarios. A power system operation simulation model is proposed and implemented to the generated scenarios. The operation results are further used as the basis of the proposed probabilistic method. The validity and effectiveness of the new method are demonstrated in two cases, i.e., the IEEE 39-bus test system and a real large power system in China, respectively.
Isolated microgrid power systems are prone to large frequency and voltage deviations, since they have limited generation and finite inertia and may include pulse power loads and large proportion of dynamic loads. Thus, they require effective power management methods to operate optimally, while satisfying operating and security constraints. In this paper, a novel integrated security-constrained model-based power management approach is proposed for isolated microgrids in all-electric ships during the normal/alert operating state. The new power management method was formulated as a multi-objective optimal control problem. A method based on the Nondominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm II was developed to solve the problem. The developed integrated security-constrained power management approach was applied to a notional all-electric ship computer model. The simulation results, conducted in PSCAD, showed the effectiveness of the new power management method.
This paper develops an analytical model of an unbalanced radial distribution system consisting of a single-phase photovoltaic (PV), a three-phase induction machine load, a three-phase power factor correction capacitor (PFC), and a load. The analytical model is based on dynamic phasors (DP) for abc phases. The single-phase PV model includes inverter current control [proportional resonance (PR) controller], an L, or an LCL filter. The induction machine model is based on positive-, negative-, and zero-sequence components' dynamic phasors. The sequence-based induction machine model was converted to the DP- abc reference frame and interconnected with other grid components. The developed analytical model is capable of small-signal analysis and can be used to identify variety of stability and/or harmonic issues in distribution networks, e.g., instability due to weak grid. Impact of unbalance on system dynamic performance can also be investigated using this model. The analytical model is benchmarked with a high-fidelity model built in Matlab/SimPowerSystems where power electronic switching details are included. The small-signal analysis results are validated via Matlab/SimPowerSystems time-domain simulations.
Several transient stability software packages are widely used for power grid planning and operations. Prior research and software documentations have shown that packages can vary in the implementations of dynamic models, and hence could potentially yield different results for the same system simulation. This paper presents a systematic methodology to determine the sources of the discrepancies seen in results obtained from different transient stability packages. This methodology can be applied to various types of dynamic models and is illustrated with generator-associated dynamic models in this paper. Consistent metrics, data mining techniques, and engineering heuristics are used to determine the discrepancy sources. This hybrid top-down+bottom-up method has been implemented on a practical, large-system case to demonstrate its scalability and transferability to real-world system studies.
In power system operation, network topology optimization (NTO) based on bus-branch model and opening/closing transmission lines has been previously proposed and utilized as a congestion mitigating tool to reduce operation cost. The bus-branch model cannot provide a detailed picture of all substation switching actions (e.g., bus splitting) that are well known to operators. In this paper, an NTO model based on substation and node-breaker modeling is presented to relieve congestion and consequently reduce cost. The substation reconfiguration provides a practical and realistic picture of switching actions, while having a higher flexibility in switching actions. However, due to introducing more number of nodes and binary variables associated with breakers, solving an NTO model would be challenging. Therefore, some tightening bounds are presented to maintain the reliability and accelerate the computations. Furthermore, using sensitivity analysis of substations, a method to cluster the network to congestion zones is then employed to determine suitable candidate substations for reconfiguration, thus significantly reducing the number of binary variables associated with breaker switchings. The results of applying the NTO model to the IEEE 118-bus test system demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method to remove congestion, while utilizing less number of switching actions compared to bus-branch switching.
Emulations of cellular nonlinear networks on digital reconfigurable hardware are renowned for an efficient computation of massive data, exceeding the accuracy and flexibility of full-custom designs. In this contribution, a digital implementation with polynomial coupling weight functions is proposed for the first time, establishing novel fields of application, e.g., in the medical signal processing and in the solution of partial differential equations. We present an architecture that is capable of processing large-scale networks with a high degree of parallelism, implemented on state-of-the-art field-programmable gate arrays.
This paper discusses a recent event in the western American power system when a forced oscillation was observed at a frequency that was close to a well-known 0.38-Hz inter-area electromechanical mode frequency of the western system. The event motivates a systematic investigation in this paper on the possibility of resonant interactions between forced oscillations and electromechanical inter-area oscillatory modes in power systems. When the natural oscillatory mode of a power system is poorly damped, and the forced oscillation occurs at a frequency close to system mode frequency at critical locations for the mode, resonance is observed in simulation test cases of the paper. It is shown that the MW oscillations on tie-lines can be as high as 477 MW from a 10-MW forced oscillation in Kundur test system because of resonance. This paper discusses the underlying system conditions and effects as related to resonance in power systems caused by forced oscillations and discusses ways to detect such scenarios using synchrophasors. Simulated data from Kundur two-area test power system as well as measurement data from western American power system are used to study the effect of forced oscillations in power systems.
The need for determining a path from an initial location to a target one is a crucial task in many applications, such as virtual simulations, robotics, and computer games. Almost all of the existing algorithms are designed to find optimal or suboptimal solutions considering only a single objective, namely path length. However, in many real life application path length is not the sole criteria for optimization, there are more than one criteria to be optimized that cannot be transformed to each other. In this paper, we introduce a novel multiobjective incremental algorithm, multiobjective D* lite (MOD* lite) built upon a well-known path planning algorithm, D* lite. A number of experiments are designed to compare the solution quality and execution time requirements of MOD* lite with the multiobjective A* algorithm, an alternative genetic algorithm we developed multiobjective genetic path planning and the strength Pareto evolutionary algorithm.
This paper addresses the transparent and realistic optimum day-ahead (DA) scheduling for a hybrid power system by explicitly considering the uncertainties. The basic components of the hybrid power system include conventional thermal generators, wind farm, and solar photovoltaic (PV) modules. A set of batteries is available for energy storage and/or discharge. The most critical problem in operating a wind farm or solar PV module is that these renewable energy resources cannot be dispatched in the same manner as conventional plants, because they involve climatic factors such as wind velocity and solar irradiation. This paper proposes the optimal scheduling strategy taking into account the impact of uncertainties in wind, solar PV, and load forecasts, and provides the best-fit DA schedule by minimizing both DA and real-time adjustment costs including the revenue from renewable energy certificates. This strategy consists of a genetic algorithm (GA)-based scheduling and a two-point estimate-based probabilistic real-time optimal power flow. The simulation for the IEEE 30-bus system with the GA and two-point estimate method, and the GA and Monte Carlo simulation have been obtained to test the effectiveness of the proposed scheduling strategy.
High levels of penetration of distributed generation and aggressive reactive power compensation may result in the reversal of power flows in future distribution grids. The voltage stability of these operating conditions may be very different from the more traditional power consumption regime. This paper focuses on the demonstration of multistability phenomenon in radial distribution systems with reversed power flow where multiple stable equilibria coexist for the given set of parameters. The system may experience transitions between different equilibria after being subjected to disturbances such as short-term losses of distributed generation or transient faults. Convergence to an undesirable equilibrium places the system in an emergency or in extremis state. Traditional emergency control schemes are not capable of restoring the system if it gets entrapped in one of the low voltage equilibria. Moreover, undervoltage load shedding may have a reverse action on the system and can induce voltage collapse. We propose a novel pulse emergency control strategy that restores the system to the normal state without any interruption of power delivery. The results are validated with dynamic simulations of IEEE 13-bus feeder performed with SystemModeler software. The dynamic models can also be used for characterization of the solution branches via a novel approach, so-called the admittance homotopy power flow method.
This paper presents a mixed-integer second-order cone programing (MISOCP) model to solve the optimal operation problem of radial distribution networks (DNs) with energy storage. The control variables are the active and reactive generated power of dispatchable distributed generators (DGs), the number of switchable capacitor bank units in operation, the tap position of the voltage regulators and on-load tap-changers, and the operation state of the energy storage devices. The objective is to minimize the total cost of energy purchased from the distribution substation and the dispatchable DGs. The steady-state operation of the DN is modeled using linear and second-order cone programing. The use of an MISOCP model guarantees convergence to optimality using existing optimization software. A mixed-integer linear programing (MILP) formulation for the original model is also presented in order to show the accuracy of the proposed MISOCP model. An 11-node test system and a 42-node real system were used to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed MISOCP and MILP models.
Dynamic response of loads has a significant effect on system stability and directly determines the stability margin of the operating point. Inherent uncertainty and natural variability of load models make the stability assessment especially difficult and may compromise the security of the system. We propose a novel mathematical “robust stability” criterion for the assessment of small-signal stability of operating points. Whenever the criterion is satisfied for a given operating point, it provides mathematical guarantees that the operating point will be stable with respect to small disturbances for any dynamic response of the loads. The criterion can be naturally used for identification of operating regions secure from the occurrence of Hopf bifurcation. Several possible applications of the criterion are discussed, most importantly the concept of robust stability assessment (RSA), that could be integrated in dynamic security assessment packages and used in contingency screening and other planning and operational studies.
A new wave energy test site, Pacific Marine Energy Center-South Energy Test Site (PMEC-SETS) - is being proposed for construction off the coast of Newport, Oregon, U.S. The intermittent nature of wave energy presents a unique challenge for the transmission system operator, as the integration of a wave energy farm onto the electrical grid creates the potential for disturbance to the operation and stability of the grid. Consequently, this paper assesses the PMEC-SETS development and the impact of its connection to the Oregon (and the rest of the Western Interconnection) network, in terms of steady-state, dynamic, and transient characteristics. The electrical infrastructure analysis is implemented using two power system simulation tools: 1) PowerWorld and 2) DIgSILENT PowerFactory. Power-World is used to create an equivalent model of the transmission system, and DIgSILENT PowerFactory is used to examine the impact of the wave farm at the point of connection, under normal and faulted conditions. A case study of 20 wave energy converters is used to illustrate the results.
In this paper, a health monitoring method for photovoltaic (PV) systems based on probabilistic neural network (PNN) is proposed that detects and classifies short- and open-circuit faults in real time. To implement and validate the proposed method in computer programs, a new approach for modeling PV systems is proposed that only requires information from manufacturers datasheet reported under normal-operating cell temperature (NOCT) conditions and standard-operating test conditions (STCs). The proposed model precisely represents characteristics of PV systems at different temperatures, as the temperature dependency of parameters such as ideality factor, series resistance, and thermal voltage is considered in the proposed model. Although this model can be applied to a variety of applications, it is specifically used to test and validate the performance of the proposed fault detection and classification method.
Parallelization is an efficient approach to accelerate multi-core, multi-processor and cluster architecture simulators. Nevertheless, frequent synchronization can significantly hinder the performance of a parallel simulator. A common practice in alleviating synchronization cost is to relax synchronization using lengthened synchronous steps. However, as a side effect, simulation accuracy deteriorates considerably. Through analyzing various factors contributing to the causality error in lax synchronization, we observe that a coherent speed across all nodes is critical to achieve high accuracy. To this end, we propose wall-clock based synchronization (WBSP), a novel mechanism that uses wall-clock time to maintain a coherent running speed across the different nodes by periodically synchronizing simulated clocks with the wall clock within each lax step. Our proposed method only results in a modest precision loss while achieving performance close to lax synchronization. We implement WBSP in a many-core parallel simulator and a cluster parallel simulator. Experimental results show that at a scale of 32-host threads, it improves the performance of the many-core simulator by 4.3× on average with less than a 5.5 percent accuracy loss compared to the conservative mechanism. On the cluster simulator with 64 nodes, our proposed scheme achieves an 8.3× speedup compared to the conservative mechanism while yielding only a 1.7 percent accuracy loss. Meanwhile, WBSP outperforms the recent proposed adaptive mechanism on simulations that exhibit heavy traffic.
This paper focuses on the energy optimal operation problem of microgrids (MGs) under stochastic environment. The deterministic method of MGs operation is often uneconomical because it fails to consider the high randomness of unconventional energy resources. Therefore, it is necessary to develop a novel operation approach combining the uncertainty in the physical world with modeling strategy in the cyber system. This paper proposes an energy scheduling optimization strategy based on stochastic programming model by considering the uncertainty in MGs. The goal is to minimize the expected operation cost of MGs. The uncertainties are modeled based on autoregressive moving average (ARMA) model to expose the effects of physical world on cyber world. Through the comparison of the simulation results with deterministic method, it is shown that the effectiveness and robustness of proposed stochastic energy scheduling optimization strategy for MGs are valid.
With the increased environmental concern, the photovoltaic (PV) generation capacity is growing in today's power systems. As the PV penetration rate increases, the intermittency and uncertainty of PV systems will cause frequency regulation issues. When rapid fluctuations take place, the system requires fast responding regulation to recover the frequency within a short period of time. Traditional power plants with slow dynamics are less capable of tracking the fast-changing regulation signal. In this context, a battery energy storage system (BESS) is considered as an effective regulation source to respond immediately to frequency deviations. This paper addresses the sizing issue of an aggregated BESS by a series of system level performance tests with different BESS penetration rates. The evaluation criteria are the control performance standards 1 and 2. Response effectiveness of the BESS with different levels of disturbances is also analyzed, with comparison to that of the traditional power plants. The proposed BESS aggregation controller is also validated using software simulations and a hardware testbed.
With the rapid development of various technologies and applications in smart grid implementation, demand response has attracted growing research interests because of its potentials in enhancing power grid reliability with reduced system operation costs. This paper presents a new demand response model with elastic economic dispatch in a locational marginal pricing market. It models system economic dispatch as a feedback control process, and introduces a flexible and adjustable load cost as a controlled signal to adjust demand response. Compared with the conventional “one time use” static load dispatch model, this dynamic feedback demand response model may adjust the load to a desired level in a finite number of time steps and a proof of convergence is provided. In addition, Monte Carlo simulation and boundary calculation using interval mathematics are applied for describing uncertainty of end-user's response to an independent system operator's expected dispatch. A numerical analysis based on the modified Pennsylvania-Jersey-Maryland power pool five-bus system is introduced for simulation and the results verify the effectiveness of the proposed model. System operators may use the proposed model to obtain insights in demand response processes for their decision-making regarding system load levels and operation conditions.
This paper presents a new maximum power point tracking (MPPT) method for photovoltaic (PV) systems. The proposed method improves the working of the conventional perturb and observe (P&O) method in changing environmental conditions by using the fractional short-circuit current (FSCC) method. It takes the initial operating point of a PV system by using the short-circuit current method and later shifts to the conventional P&O technique. The advantage of having this two-stage algorithm is rapid tracking under changing environmental conditions. In addition, this scheme offers low-power oscillations around MPP and, therefore, more power harvesting compared with the common P&O method. The proposed MPPT decides intelligently about the moment of measuring short-circuit current and is, therefore, an irradiance sensorless scheme. The proposed method is validated with computer software simulation followed by a dSPACE DS1104-based experimental setup. A buck-boost dc-dc converter is used for simulation and experimental confirmation. Furthermore, the reliability of the proposed method is also calculated. The results show that the proposed MPPT technique works satisfactorily under given environmental scenarios.
Power system simulation is an important tool that guarantees safe and stable operation of multiple HVDC weak sending power grids of a large energy base. In this paper a transmission and distribution grid panoramic simulation laboratory is developed based on power system simulation demand, while applying advanced simulation technology for distributed and open deployment. Through a specialized power wide area network, resource-sharing advantages are realized among departments of business application. The engineering application in this work demonstrates that a resource-sharing laboratory for collaborative operations is able to satisfy the requirements of multiple directions, scenes, and angles of the transmission and distribution power grid.
In this paper, approaches for the modeling and simulation of thermal destruction of ICs due to ESD are discussed from a system point of view. Considered systems consist of ESD generator, PCB, protection element, and IC. A direct connection between the ESD generator and the system is always assumed. For the modeling of an IC ESD destruction, the electric behavior model of an IC pin to ground or supply is extended with a thermal destruction model. The thermal model consists mainly of a thermal resistance and a thermal capacitance. When structure temperature reaches a threshold, a failure is assumed. All needed model parameters can be found with a set of measurements and tests. No internal knowledge of the IC or protection element structures is required. The methodology was applied to several ICs, protection elements, and system structures with emphasis on automotive electronics. All needed component model parameters were generated from measurements. Models and parameter measurements are described. Results from the system simulation were compared to system test results with hardware. In most cases, the simulation could predict well the destruction behavior of a system. Thermal failure and safe operating area prediction quality are compared. The described simulation method helps with selection of protection strategies and optimization of system ESD robustness.
A method for the coordination of multiple battery energy storage systems (BESSs) is proposed for voltage control in low-voltage distribution networks (LVDNs). The main objective of this method is to solve over-voltage problems with multiple suitably sized energy storage systems. The performance of coordinated control is compared with noncoordinated control using both a real-time digital simulator and a MATLAB model of a real U.K. LVDN with a high installed capacity of solar photovoltaics. This is used to show that coordinated control is robust and effective at preventing voltage rise problems in LVDNs. The proposed coordinated control scheme is able to use the BESSs more evenly, and therefore reduces the costs of battery replacement to the storage operator in terms of both number of batteries and maintenance visits.
This paper investigates low-complexity approaches to small-cell base-station (SBS) design, suitable for future 5G millimeter-wave (mmWave) indoor deployments. Using large-scale antenna systems and high-bandwidth spectrum, such SBS can theoretically achieve the anticipated future data bandwidth demand of 10000 fold in the next 20 years. We look to exploit small cell distances to simplify SBS design, particularly considering dense indoor installations. We compare theoretical results, based on a link budget analysis, with the system simulation of a densely deployed indoor network using appropriate mmWave channel propagation conditions. The frequency diverse bands of 28 and 72 GHz of the mmWave spectrum are assumed in the analysis. We investigate the performance of low-complexity approaches using a minimal number of antennas at the base station and the user equipment. Using the appropriate power consumption models and the state-of-the-art sub-component power usage, we determine the total power consumption and the energy efficiency of such systems. With mmWave being typified nonline-of-sight communication, we further investigate and propose the use of direct sequence spread spectrum as a means to overcome this, and discuss the use of multipath detection and combining as a suitable mechanism to maximize link reliability.
Real-time (RT) simulation is a highly reliable simulation method that is mostly based on electromagnetic transient simulation of complex systems comprising many domains. It is increasingly used in power and energy systems for both academic research and industrial applications. Due to the evolution of the computing power of RT simulators in recent years, new classes of applications and expanded fields of practice could now be addressed with RT simulation. This increase in computation power implies that models can be built more accurately and the whole simulation system gets closer to reality. This Task Force paper summarizes various applications of digital RT simulation technologies in the design, analysis, and testing of power and energy systems.
A low cross-polarization periodic-slotted ridged substrate-integrated waveguide (RSIW) leaky wave antenna (LWA) array is presented. Parametric constraints of the structure were investigated to realize a periodic leaky wave antenna (PLWA) with the ability of scanning from backward endfire into the forward quadrant. An appropriate multimode transverse equivalent network (TEN) is presented for the proposed antenna and values of leakage rate and phase constant for different parameters of the structure were extracted using the transverse resonance technique (TRT). The obtained results were compared to those achieved from HFSS software simulations. The open stopband in the broadside is eliminated using certain dimensions for the structure. By simultaneously manipulating a number of parameters, a variable α and constant β are resulted so that the desired sidelobe level (SLL) can be realized. The proposed structure was simulated and then manufactured. Simulation results show good agreement with measurement results.
The evolution of manufacturing technologies has allowed for rapid prototype development and easy transfer of ideas from design to production, even in the convenience of the home office (via 3D printers). It has also created an unstable market environment. This situation calls for novel solutions in manufacturing that allow high adaptability and responsiveness. The use of smart, agent-based systems empowered by semantic technologies could provide the solution. The authors' ontology-based smart production system is based on the use of agents. They present both the system architecture and a framework for deployment under a living lab environment. They also give special focus to alleviating obstacles met in the small-series-like ramp-up of highly customized products, such as aircraft.
Rational models of frequency-dependent network equivalents (FDNEs) have been used in real-time digital simulator (RTDS) for power-system simulation. However, this can lead to a computational burden issue;the application of FDNEs may result in a loss of real-time simulation features because the computational cost of the FDNE component exceeds the limits of RTDS. The authors describe a solution that combines compacting and partitioning of the FDNEs, whereby the former reduces the redundancy in the mathematical model and the latter allows us to exploit parallel computer architectures. Then they describe the results of numerical simulations that demonstrate the effectiveness of the approach. Moreover, the proposed simulation solution is not limited to the applications of FDNEs in RTDS, it solves a set of subsistent computational issues when apply rational models in real-time electromagnetic transients programs tools.
Generally speaking, the intersection point between the ray and the terrain can be judged in the simulation software adopting the method of ray tracing, and then where the ray is intersected, reflected or diffracted with the specific terrain can be judged. At present, most terrains are simulated in the form of triangular facet, while the judgment process for one time of intersection between one ray with all triangular facets of a large terrain is relatively long. In this paper, the ray path can be estimated during the process of judging the intersection and confirming the position of the intersection point as per the ray and the terrain, the intersection judgment can be reduced, it can be accelerated, and consequently the time for ray tracing is largely shortened and the efficiency of the software simulation can be improved.
This paper focus on studying techniques that allow optimization of a communication system by analyzing the patterns of antenna configurations and digital modulations. Antenna design methods are discussed, taking into account parameters such as the number of elements in arrays and modulation types. Computer simulations are made with the use of LTE system simulation and antenna packages freely available. The main goal is to investigate if the modulation scheme influences the antenna design.
This paper presents a novel mechanism for convenient in vitro measurement of cerebrospinal fluid flow rate in hydrocephalus shunts. Thermal time of flight method has been employed in the measurements conducted on a modified shunt system covered with artificial skin. The shunt tube is proposed to include bio-compatible materials such as titanium for better thermal responses. To facilitate clinical measurements by neurosurgeons, a dry, semiconductor thermoelectric cooling device has been designed to initiate the thermal transfer while maintaining a safe operating temperature and clean thermal excitation. Velocity thus flow rate of the cerebrospinal fluid has been derived by decoupling the thermal transfer in the measured differential time at two measurement spots of the titanium elements. Device design was based on comprehensive system simulation using finite element analyses on the fluidic and thermal behaviors of the shunt system. Microcontroller and proper control schemes have been used for desired thermal excitation and temperature registrations. The mechanism has been validated in measurements conducted on a laboratory setup consisting of the modified shunt, covered by commercial synthetic human skins in an environment similar to human physiology. The measurement results have demonstrated good agreements with the simulation results in the clinically practical flow rates ranging from 0.5 mm/sec to 1.0 mm/sec.
This paper describes a joint detection and classification of OFDM/QAM and OFDM/OQAM signals using their cyclic frequency domain profiles of spectral correlation. Detection is threshold-based, and corresponding HMMs of these signals have been used for their classification. Some performances of the considered signal detection and classification, obtained using software simulation models, are shown, as well.
Combined with the intelligent manufacturing equipment operating characteristics, this paper proposes a reliability assessment method based on the regression model. We first determine the evaluation object and its components, and give the components a formal description. Then we use the regression model theory to build an intelligent manufacturing equipment reliability evaluation model. At last we use the confidence level theory to judge the results of the assessment. An application of the model to an intelligent equipment shows that this method can effectively evaluate the reliability of intelligent manufacturing equipment.
This present technique show proposed metamaterial (MTM) structure is designed for better result in bandwidth and reduction in the return loss at operating frequency 24 GHz. The proposed antenna is designed on The proposed antenna is designed on low cost FR-4(lossy) substrate and this proposed antenna is fed by 50 Ω microstrip line and having dimension is 2935(L) Mm×299(W) Mm × 1.6(h) Mm by using CST MWS Software. This paper show Metamaterial structure is designed by rectangular SRR with thin wire loaded on Rectangular Mcrostrip patch antenna by using CST MICROWAVE STUDIO(computer simulation technology software). The bandwidth of metamaterial increased upto 1249MHz as comparison to RMPA and Return loss = -28076717dB. This antenna is more suitable for WLAN application in communication at 2.4GHz operating frequency in S-band.
This research is mainly about modeling and measurement a compact antenna design with stub using stepped impedance via computer simulation technology (CST) simulation program. The dimension of microstrip antenna on FR4 material used in this research was 100 × 100 mm. In addition, the results include the comparison between the state of antenna before and after given the stub as well as before and after the length of the stub was changed. Then, do the variation changes the stub length and impedance step change in the vertical dimension (La), followed by step impedance variations horizontal width (Wt). The result shows that the design of the optimized stub affects the shift in the resonance frequency of the antenna. The resonance frequency of 2.4 GHz was shown when the stub length was 30 mm. In addition, by changing the width of the stepped impedance, we obtained new resonant frequency. From the simulation, four resonant frequencies that were shown include 0.7 GHz, 1.31 GHz, 2.4 GHz and 4.75 GHz. After the stub being added to the antenna, there was an increasing of TM02 at the resonant frequency of 2.4GHz, and yet the resonance curve was still the same. TM01 and TM10 have indicated a better result when the antenna was located at the frequency of 800MHz and 1.3GHz. The proposed antenna has a gain 4.44dBi.
Industry 4.0 (the fourth industrial revolution) encapsulates future industry development trends to achieve more intelligent manufacturing processes, including reliance on Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS), construction of Cyber-Physical Production Systems (CPPS), and implementation and operation of smart factories. This paper introduces relevant aspects of Industry 4.0 in relation to strategic planning, key technologies, opportunities, and challenges. Strategic planning includes construction of a CPS network, discussion of two major themes which are based on the smart factory and intelligent production, achieving three integrations (horizontal integration, vertical integration and end-to-end integration) and achieving eight plans which consist of the formulation of system standardization, efficient management etc. Finally, it referred to the enlightenment for China's manufacturing industries, to build China's Industry 4.0.
Nowadays simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) algorithms are being tested at least in two phases: software simulation and real hardware platform testing. This paper describes hardware design and control software for small size omni-directional wheels robot implemented for indoor testing SLAM algorithms.
The development of virtual simulation techniques and digitized interactive platforms makes the purchasing of textile products as simple as a click. But some of our real desires about a fabric is still difficult to be satisfied, such as touch. So far, much research has been dedicated to providing consumers with a realistic simulation of fabric through virtual experiences. In the previous study, we have proved that fabrics' tactile properties could be well perceived through products' visual representations. On this basis, the present study is aimed to further study the mathematical model of predicting fabric tactile properties from samples' visual features. Two sensory experiments have been designed to extract the tactile properties and visual features of a set of textile samples represented in video clips. An intelligent method based on rough set and fuzzy set theories has been developed to extract principal visual features for the interpretation of each tactile property. Then a fuzzy neural network has been designed to build a mathematical model between each tactile property and the corresponding principal visual features. Extra experiments have been carried out to verify the effectiveness of the proposed model. The results have proved that it is possible to predict fabric tactile properties from samples' visual features with satisfactory accuracy.
Crossing points are important parts of transport network for emergency supplies. Crossing points contain two parts: one is the point where different paths cross over in a transportation network, the other is the point where different transportation networks cross. The problem to be solved in the paper is to attain a scheduling scheme for emergency supplies in the transport network with crossing points. A mathematical model is established to describe the problem in the paper. The problem is a combination optimization problem. Therefore we supply Genetic Algorithm for solving the problem. The objective in the paper is to acquire a scheme whose time consumption is the least and meanwhile cost consumption is the lowest. Thanks to the computer's benefits of fast calculation speed, good data storage capacity, scientific calculation, a satisfactory material scheme is acquired through software simulation on the computer.
The paper aims to present an improved methodology of safety assessment with system simulation. In this paper, the Monte Carlo simulation and uncertainty analysis will be applied to the research of FMECA which is the basis of safety assessment. The improved methodology will overcome the shortages of traditional method. At the same time, the idea of the method will provide a comprehensive safety analysis of the system. At last of the paper, an application case about the safety assessment of the control system in unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) will be set up as typical example to demonstrate the application of the methodology.
A sequentially switched antenna array receiver (SSAAR) has been developed in order to lessen the fast-fading effects on super-express trains. The array elements are switched in reverse sequence to the direction of the train motion. To demonstrate the performance improvements, measurements were made using a scale model train with receiver moving at 3.6 km/h. A software simulation based on the Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access (WiMAX) physical layer parameters was developed and by proportionally reducing the transmission symbol rate, performances for virtual speeds of up to 360 km/h have been measured. The paper shows that the performance could be improved by up to 1.7 dB at bit error rate (BER) 5E-3 whilst traveling at virtual speed of 360 km/h.
A new supervised genetic learning control for maintaining voltage profiles after an emergency in power systems is proposed in this study. Search efficiency is improved after introducing system knowledge into the search process of genetic learning. The optimization of the coordinated voltage control is considered a multi-objective optimal problem. Thus, a set of effective controls can be found, and a knowledge base is formed. Effective controls are stored in a long-term memory and exploited for further application. After an emergency, the stored knowledge is used to provide guidance in addition to an online learning process. The search efficiencies of genetic learning can be significantly improved. A system simulation of the New England 39-bus system shows the efficiency of the proposed genetic learning control.
The results of optimization of magnetically sensitive element Field Hall sensor based on the MIS structure formed on a "silicon-on-insulator" (SOI LSF) parameters was presented. Main characteristics of device structure were defined using the results of Silvaco software simulation.
In this paper, a cooling concept for power electronics is discussed, using thermo-electric cooling in combination with a phase-change based latent heat storage module. It was designed to cope with thermal transients due to periodic overload operation phases of an IGBT power converter module. Several sub-system simulations and experiments have already been performed in previous publications leading to the current design state, which is now being tested under emulated experimental conditions. Very good results are presented, showing the feasibility of the transient cooling concept. On-going work referred to the long-term thermal stability and operation as well as a smart electrical TEC control will be motivated.
This paper describes study results regarding a feature detection scheme using a Cyclic Prefix (CP) that is appended to an OFDM signal. The detection scheme is especially important when used as a sensing technology in advanced systems such as Device-to-Device communication. Herein, several performance characteristics of the signal processing involved in the feature detection are described with an analytical expression and examined with software simulation. Then, supposing that two OFDM systems using different CP lengths are operated in the same frequency band, some applications are addressed such as an estimation method for the Input C/N (Carrier-to-Noise power ratio), a system discrimination scheme and a timing offset detection method.
The paper presents an improvement of the long term evolution (LTE) link adaptation for voice over LTE (VoLTE). The underlying problem is associated with the speech frame structure of VoLTE, where the transmissions are typically scheduled every 40 ms, provided that discontinuous reception (DRX) is on. The channel estimates of each user are hence outdated each time a new uplink scheduling decision is made. The paper therefore suggests the application of channel prediction for slowly moving mobiles. A special challenge is then the fact that the channel measurements may be sampled by the rates 1 ms, 8 ms, 20 ms, 40 ms and 160 ms, in case of segmentation, retransmission, a normal speech frame, DRX and voice inactivity, respectively. A new optimal and adaptive channel prediction algorithm is developed to solve this multi-rate prediction problem. The algorithm combines a continuous time autoregressive (AR) model with the recursive least squares algorithm. An extensive system simulation study shows capacity improvements of 5-10% for Doppler frequencies below 10 Hz. The measured voice quality is also improved. No performance degradation appears in any of the simulated scenarios.
This paper details the application of a PEG originated non-binary LDPC codes designed to fit the pay load size of MAC frame of IEEE 802.15.6 Wireless Body Area Network. The resulted codes are with the block size is 255 bytes. Codes with the rate of 0.5 and 0.9 are investigated for their performance. The symbol error rate and block error rate performance given by the system simulation has confirmed that the non-binary LDPC code can yield better performance when compared with hard decision Reed Solomon codes.
This paper deals with the identification and analysis of an electric drive configuration at system level. In terms of efficiency and power density, the investigation is intended to enable a statement whether the ideal electric motor application is a direct drive or a combination with a gearbox in the drive gondola of a Do 128-6 aircraft. In this research, seven versions of electrical drive combinations are presented and examined based on analytical calculations and software simulations. First, the designs of permanent magnet motors (PM) with concentrated windings are analyzed with the FEM-based engineering tool ANSYS Maxwell 2D. A common 12-teeth/10-pole winding topology is compared to a 12-teeth/14-pole winding topology designed with flux barriers in the stator. After that, the gearbox is evaluated with GAP (a gearbox design program). Furthermore, the mechanical power is considered because it depends on the aerodynamic characteristics of the aircraft. The results show that the geared drives are well suited for this application.
The article presents a new concept in the area of mathematical modeling of grounding networks. The idea is to combine a few arbitrary homogeneities (finite volumes of prismatic shape), defined in the MALT module of SES CDEGS software by its developers, to build the polyhedron much more useful in grounding system simulations (finite length cylinder, semi-cylindrical trough or sphere). The polyhedron, with resistivity different than surrounding soil, is created from a several finite volumes that can each be defined separately by 24 numbers in rectangular Cartesian coordinate system. Every finite volume has a shape of hexahedron. The six faces of the volume are convex tetragons.
Current power systems creates environmental impacts as well as global warming due to utilisation of fossil fuels, especially coal, as carbon dioxide is emitted into the atmosphere. It is therefore a fundamental concern today to be able to bring higher percentages of renewable electricity into the energy mix as these sources are climate-frindly and unlimited. However, intermittent nature of power output from renewable energy sources, in particular wind and solar, introduces potential technical impacts that affect quality of power observed including voltage fluctuations, power fluctuations, overloading of distribution transformers and voltage and current harmonics injection into the network. This study developed a simulation model with power system simulation software PSS Sincal to investigate the potential adverse impact of large-scale renewable energy (RE) penetration into the Rockhampton power networks, Queensland, Australia. From the model analyses, it has been clearly evident that large-scale RE integration not only influence in the low voltage distribution network but it also influence in the transmission, subtransmission and high voltage (HV) distribution network in terms of power quality issues such as voltage fluctuations, overloading of tranformers and injection of harmonics.
Heterogeneous manycore architectures have shown to be highly promising to boost power efficiency through two independent ways: (1) enabling massive thread-level parallelism, called “scale-out” approach, and (2) enabling thread migration between heterogeneous cores, called “scale-up” approach. How to accurately model the profitability of power efficiency of the two ways, particularly in an analytical and computational-effective manner, is essential to reap the power efficiency of such architectures. We propose a comprehensive analytical model to predict the power efficiency from the two independent ways. Given power efficiency is measured by performance per watt, this model is composed of a performance and a power model. The performance model is built by two orthogonal functions a and β. Function a describes the scale-out speedup from multithreading;function β presents the scale-up speedup from core heterogeneity. Thus, the performance model can clearly capture the overall speedup of any multithreading and thread-to-core mapping strategies. The power model predicts the power of corresponding scale-out and scale-up configurations. It simultaneously captures the power variations caused by thread synchronization and thread migration between heterogeneous cores. We build both performance and power model in an analytical way and keep the computational complexity in mind. This merit leads to a suit of comprehensive and low-complexity models for runtime management. These models are validated on large-scale heterogeneous manycore architecture with full-system simulations. For performance prediction, the average error is below 12 percent, lower than that of the state-of-the-art methods. For power prediction, the average error is 7.74 percent. On top of the models, we introduce two heuristic scheduling algorithms, performance-oriented MAX-P and power efficiency-oriented MAX-E, to demonstrate the usage of these models. The results sho- that MAX-P outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by 18 percent in performance averagely;MAX-E outperforms the baseline by 70 percent in power efficiency on average.
Wireless 3-D network-on-chips (NoCs) with inductive-coupling ThruChip interfaces provide a large degree of flexibility for customizing the number of arbitrary chips in a package after chips have been fabricated. To simplify the vertical communication interfaces, static time division multiple access (TDMA) is used for the vertical broadcast buses, while arbitrary or customized topologies can be used for the intrachip network. This paper proposes two techniques to break through the simple static TDMA-based vertical buses while maintaining a simple communication interface. The first technique is headfirst sliding (HS) routing to reduce the waiting time for acquiring the communication time-slot. HS routing selects the best vertical bus based on the current time, taking advantage of static TDMA. The second technique extends carrier sense multiple access with collision detection (CSMA/CD) for vertical broadcast buses. We introduce a packet collision detection technique for inductive-coupling buses and propose two retransmission strategies to reduce the waiting time for packet retransmissions caused by collisions. Network simulation results show that HS routing reduces the communication latency by 39.1% compared with the conventional static TDMA bus-based 3-D NoC that uses the shortest path routing. The proposed CSMA/CD bus also improves the latency by 52.5% and throughput by 34.1%. The full-system simulation results show that HS routing and the proposed CSMA/CD technique reduce the application execution time accordingly while maintaining the average flit transfer energy overhead modest.
The current study employs static and dynamic analysis configurations under different case studies in order to define the allocation, maximum capacity of non-conventional generation with emphasis on photovoltaic (PV), concentrating solar power (CSP) and wind energy technologies that may be inhabited within a region of a Mediterranean partner country. This work focuses on the impact that may induce any distributed units' addition on the power system's load flow and transient stability. A group of substations were proposed to introduce the dispersed generation with the extension in mind to suggest the voltage level to connect these units. The main issues addressed were the total system losses and short-circuit capacity whereas among the most critical disturbances was a three-phase fault incident. Thermal and solar plants using basic machine models such as synchronous generator, exciter and governor and a wind farm employing doubly fed induction generator technology were chosen throughout this research study. The dynamic behaviour of the system elements was examined by changing the solar irradiance, applying a three-phase fault at the PV and wind power plant connected buses and by performing open-circuit setpoint step tests for one of the CSP exciter models. PSS?E software simulation tool of Siemens PTI will be utilised throughout this work.
The system model of spectral line-by-line pulse shaping on an optical frequency comb produced by electro-optical modulation of a continuous-wave (CW) laser is presented, and the effect of the laser linewidth on the generated waveforms is investigated through system simulation. Three kinds of phasing-only line-by-line filter are considered. The results show that amplitude jitter is induced by CW laser linewidth, and it becomes prominent when the phase control applied to spectral lines varies rapidly. To keep the induced jitter lower than -20 dB, a CW laser with a linewidth narrower than 100 kHz can be safely employed.
Cosimulation platforms are necessary to study the interactions of complex systems integrated in future smart grids. The Virtual Grid Integration Laboratory (VirGIL) is a modular cosimulation platform designed to study interactions between demand-response (DR) strategies, building comfort, communication networks, and power system operation. This paper presents the coupling of power systems, buildings, communications, and control under a master algorithm. There are two objectives: first, to use a modular architecture for VirGIL, based on the functional mockup interface (FMI), where several different modules can be added, exchanged, and tested;and second, to use a commercial power system simulation platform, familiar to power system operators, such as DIgSILENT PowerFactory. This will help reduce the barriers to the industry for adopting such platforms, investigate and subsequently deploy DR strategies in their daily operation. VirGIL further introduces the integration of the quantized state system (QSS) methods for simulation in this cosimulation platform. Results on how these systems interact using a real network and consumption data are also presented.
We propose a straightforward solution to include volumetric models in an interactive simulation of deformable objects using the Finite Element Method (FEM), working directly with the triangular mesh. Our approach avoids the problems caused by the generation of tetrahedral meshes such as instability, bad quality meshes or meshes that deteriorate the performance. We use a high-quality tetrahedral mesh and perform the mesh intersection algorithm with the surface mesh which can be simulated in a stable manner by employing the extended FEM (XFEM). In this research, we improve the mesh intersection method by adding robustness to simulate complex meshes. We also show how to implement user interactivity in real time. Moreover, in order to ease the development of complex applications using deformable objects we propose a simulation architecture that indicates how to implement our approach.
A change detection algorithm has been developed in order to obtain high-resolution soil moisture estimates from future Soil Moisture Active and Passive (SMAP) L-band radar and radiometer observations. The approach combines the relatively noisy 3-km radar backscatter coefficients and the more accurate 36-km radiometer brightness temperature into an optimal 10-km product. In preparation for the SMAP mission, an observation system simulation experiment (OSSE) and field experimental campaigns using the Passive and Active L- and S-band Airborne Sensor (PALS) have been conducted. We use the PALS airborne observations and OSSE data to test the algorithm and develop an error budget table. When applied to four-month OSSE data, the change detection method is shown to perform better than direct inversion of the radiometer brightness temperatures alone, improving the root mean square error by 2% volumetric soil moisture content. The main assumptions of the algorithm are verified using PALS data from the soil moisture experiments held during June-July 2002 (Soil Moisture Experiment 2002) in Iowa. The algorithm error budget is estimated and shown to meet SMAP science requirements.
Quantitative precipitation forecasting is currently limited by the paucity of observations on sufficiently fine temporal and spatial scales. Three-dimensional water vapor fields can be retrieved with improved spatial coverage from measurements obtained using a network of scanning microwave radiometers. To investigate this potential, an observation system simulation experiment was performed in which synthetic examples of retrievals using a network of radiometers were compared with results from the Weather Research and Forecasting model at a grid scale of 500 m. These comparisons show that the 3-D water vapor field can be retrieved with an accuracy of better than 15%–20%. A ground-based demonstration network of three compact microwave radiometers was deployed at the Atmospheric Radiation Measurement Southern Great Plains site in Oklahoma. Results using these network measurements demonstrated the first retrieval of the 3-D water vapor field in the troposphere at fine spatial and temporal resolutions.
Power System Simulator for Engineering (PSS/E) is one of the most extensively used power system simulation software in the globe. In this paper, by modeling a high-voltage direct-current (HVDC) transmission system, an in-depth study of its user-defined function in PSS/E is illustrated. Furthermore, comparing the simulation curves of user-defined HVDC in PSS/E with those simulated by PSCAD/EMTDC and PSD-BPA, the correctness of the HVDC user-defined model, the feasibility as well as the practicability of PSS/E's user-defined function are validated. Similarly, the modeling method proposed in this paper provides guidance for modeling of other complex two-terminal and multiport components applied to power systems. The experimental results prove the accuracy of the HVDC user-defined model as well as the practicability of the method, by which the feasibility of two-terminal component modeling in PSS/E is also verified.
The massive penetration of distributed generations (DGs) into electric distribution networks may reshape it from a passive system to an active network with bi-directional power flows, and have a serious impact on the system contribution to fault current. These effects may cause severe troubles for the coordination of existing current protection system. Phase comparison differential protection serves as a better option for active distribution networks (ADNs) due to its simplicity, sensitivity and selectivity. This paper proposes a new wide-area protection scheme for ADNs based on phase comparison. Wide area measurement system (WAMS) is used for time synchronous measurement and communication. An active distribution network model with high amount of DGs is established in PSCAD/EMTDC. Theoretical analysis and system simulation results validate the effectiveness and feasibility of the proposed method.
The output power of inverters should be precise equipartition in micro grid, because that is the basic conditions that the micro grid system works stably for a long time. This paper proposes a improved control strategy of inverters output power equipartition in micro grid based on virtual impedance method. Firstly, the output power equipartition conditions of inverters based on the droop control method are analyzed, and a measurement method of micro grid line impedance based on clock synchronization and Micro Grid Central Controller-(MGCC) coordinated control is presented. Secondly the output power ability of inverters, the active and reactive power decoupling ability, the system dynamic property and stability are served as the conditions of virtual impedance designed, therefore the optimal design method of virtual impedance values is proposed. The system simulation model was set up in MATLAB, and the simulation experiment results show that the proposed method has the effectiveness and practicability.
The power grid large-scale blackout and collapse always puts our society in risk. Power grid companies must strengthen the ability to deal with blackout and collapse. The complex power grid collapse and restoration process simulation and deduction system is designed. System structure and system functions are described. This paper focused on the key technologies including power system simulation oriented to the collapse and restoration process, relay protection and automatic device simulation, and multi-agent simulation deduction. The system can achieve accurate and complete simulation of complex power grid collapse and restoration process, to reappear the whole process. It can provide simulation and training tools for power grid dispatchers and operators, to enhance the emergency ability to deal with power grid collapse.
A design of dual wide band circularly polarized circular patch with parasitic ring and defected ground structure. By using the coaxial probe feed 45° with respect to the axis of the two stub plane of the patch then excellent circular polarization (CP) is achieved. The antenna is designed with a double-layer structure, comprising a circular patch with two rectangular stubs along the diameter direction and two half parasitic rings right above it. Both patch are separated by a circular substrate FR-4 (εr = 4.3). The ground plane also defected;two circular slots are cut away at the ground plane. By using the defected ground structure (DGS) the band width also increased. This proposed antenna work at dual wide band that are 6.90 to 7.10 GHz (200 MHz) and 8.06 to 9.22 GHz (1.16 GHz). The % band width is 2.69% and 13.42% and Gain is 6.2 dB and 8.3 dB respectively. The return loss & gain of the proposed antenna show that it has promising characteristics for various C-band and X- band (7-12 GHz) radar and satellite applications. The design is being simulated using CST (computer simulation technology) software.
This paper presents a discrete derivative control technique for dc-link voltage in shunt compensator. It is desired to maintain the dc-link voltage at reference level value for current compensation using Distribution Static Compensator (DSTATCOM) to improve the power quality of distribution systems. The proposed control strategy improves the dynamic performance of DC control loop by taking the values of the error of the reference and feedback quantity with its discrete derivative value. Multiplied these values with the proportional factors in such a way that they maintained these values at the same scale level. The errors with their absolute values are taken in account to keep the calculation amount close to that of PI (Proportional Integral) controller. The performance was studied by MATLAB software simulation using Power System toolbox, result shows reduction in the occurrence of transient occurred on DC-Link voltage at the initial stage, also it reaches the reference level so fast. The control technique has been implemented with the Anti-Hebbian control algorithm developed for the extraction of fundamental reference source currents required for power devices switching. The control technique has been verified for power factor correction to improve the power quality of a three phase distribution system using DSTATCOM. MATLAB Simulink platform is used to study the performance of the proposed control technique under dynamic conditions of nonlinear load.
Since the 21st century, the experimental teaching in training students' scientific literacy and comprehensive quality plays a major role, more and more studies begin to learn to the experimental teaching mode, however actually the study effect is not ideal, especially under the environment of information technology chemical experiment teaching is particularly scarce. This paper, by using investigation method and interview method to find out the current situation of chemistry teaching under the environment of information technology, and design the 3D interactive simulation of chemical teaching resources, what enable learners to do the experimental activities with subject consciousness and independent consciousness, stimulating learners' learning motivation and effectiveness.
This paper presents the modeling and maximum power tracking strategies for of variable speed constant frequency (VSCF) doubly-fed induction generator (DFIG) system. Firstly, the system simulation model w as construct ed in PSCAD. The grid-side double closed lo op vector control strategy is used to maintain a constant DC bus voltage and to compensate for reactive power at grid, while the stator -flux-oriented vector control is ad opted in rotor-side converter to achieve maxim um power point tracking (MPPT) for the D FIG wind turbine. Secondly, two M PPT method s are discussed and compared for various operating conditions.
Binary offset carrier (BOC) modulation signals have been widely adopted in global navigation satellite systems (GNSSs) such as Galileo and modernized global positioning system [1] [2]. Although this kind of modulation offers excellent performances, a main drawback of BOC modulation is that ambiguous acquisition and biased tracking for its multi-peak autocorrelation function (ACF). This article presents herein a novel acquisition technique allows removal of side peaks thoroughly and acquire better acquisition performance. This scheme is applicable to BOC (n, n) modulation signals. Theoretical analysis and system simulation demonstrate the algorithm proposed has better performance in acquisition aspect compared with other typical algorithms under the influence of additive white Gaussian noise.
We study the temporal clustering effects in the computer network traffic on the performance of a node with a given throughput limited by its outgoing channel capacity. The empirical data sets are exemplified by three different HTTP servers. We consider the inter-arrival times and the service times and evaluate the average system performance by the queuing system simulation. Our results indicate that the common M/M/1 model underestimates both the average queue size and the average sojourn time by one to two decades at 10-90% average system utilization. This leads to the 3-5 times underestimation of the required outgoing channel throughput to maintain the given average sojourn time. In contrast, by using an alternative model with Pareto-class distributions this underestimation can be reduced by more than one decade. The model is further improved once the long-range correlations in the inter-arrival times sequence are taken into account. Finally, we focus on the analysis of the long-range correlations in the total outgoing intraday traffic and discuss its potential implications on the occurrence of overloads and their reproducibility by the suggested model.
This paper is devoted to the creation of a new logic element that implements the system logic functions in field programmable gate arrays. Proposed LUT that implements the system logic functions M - DC-LUT. Evaluated the complexity of the classical LUT, compared with DC-LUT. Produced simulation of the proposed logic cells DC-LUT for the realization of systems of logical functions in the system simulation of electronic circuits Ni Multisim. The simulation confirms the efficiency of the proposed technical solutions.
Semiconductors have many applications in industry environment. In power systems they are used as switching devices. This paper concentrates on one of the widely used switching device Thyristor and its application for the analysis of Thyristor Controlled Reactor- TCR as a reactive power compensator. The TCR circuit will be investigated by carrying out theoretical mathematical analysis, software simulation and practical work. The results will be compared and discussed and conclusions will be delivered.
This research paper employs static and dynamic studies under different case studies in order to define the potential impact of the integration of two PV power plants in a distribution network. The selected power system represents the electric infrastructure of Al Akhawayn University in Ifrane, Morocco. This work focuses on the impact may induce any distributed units' addition on the power system's load flow and transient stability. The main issues addressed were the power flows, voltage levels and the total system losses whereas among the most critical disturbances was a three-phase fault incident at the point of common coupling (PCC). The dynamic behavior of the system elements was examined by changing the solar irradiance and applying a three-phase fault at the PV plant connected buses. PSS??E software simulation tool of Siemens PTI will be utilized throughout this work.
In this paper, we present a system used a Permanent Magnet Synchronous Generator (PMSG) applied to wind energy, to generate electricity and inject it into home network. The objective is to perform modeling and nonlinear control system, and then the objective of the control is: enforcing power factor correction (PFC) with respect to the power grid. First part, we present the mathematical model of the whole system under study. Thereafter we propose a nonlinear backstepping control, to ensure the shape of the current and thus harmonic distortion reduced relative to classical control. To demonstrate the performance of methods, some results of the overall system simulations are presented under MATLAB / Simulink software.
This research is a concept study for a photovoltaic power plant on an Algerian site, this plant is connected to the electrical distribution network of low or medium voltage. it follows that the study of system simulation in its entirety, would be used for this purpose the computer software PVSYST. our work involves the design of 1 MWc photovoltaic plant in A??n-melh M'sila where there favorable weather conditions. for system efficiency we compare between structure with a fixed tilt and structure with Seasonal tilt adjustment. the results show that for fixed tilt There is a production of 1805 MWh/year injected into grid with specific energy yield, 1744 kWh/kWc/year and performance ratio, 77.8 %, as for Seasonal tilt There is a production of 1893 MWh/year with specific energy yield, 1829 kWh/kWc/year and performance ratio, 77.8 %. this will allow us recovery about 5% of production compared to fixed tilt plane.
Renewable energy systems become more present in the energy market and wind power has already proven it's potential. The offshore wind farms have also been continuing its growth rapidly due to much better wind conditions like onshore wind farms. The studied system here is a variable speed wind generation system based on Doubly Fed Induction Generator (DFIG). In this topology, stator side converter and rotor side converter is used to implement the DFIG control to achieve wind power conversion. Here, a maximum power control strategy is incorporated with the DFIG, whereby the produced power serves as the active power reference for the DFIG. Stator flux oriented vector control is applied to decouple the control of active and reactive power generated by the DFIG based wind turbine. A DC/DC boost converter is used for DFIG system to DC grid connection. This system represents transferring offshore wind power to the terrestrial ac grid through the High Voltage DC (HVDC) network. The details of the control strategy and system simulation results in Simulink are presented in the paper.
Modular multilevel converter (MMC) topology is discussed intensively as a crucial part of future dc grids, especially to integrate offshore wind power. While generalized voltage-source converter models are usually utilized for multiterminal investigations, conclusions on transient dc grid behavior and on ac-dc interactions during distorted ac grid conditions are hard to draw or are limited in their significance. In this paper, a MMC-based dc grid framework with a tripartite focus on an internal converter as well as dc and ac grid control is presented. Besides, an evaluation of the implemented MMC model that incorporates the available arm sum voltage, a decoupled ac and dc current system control concept that is suitable to handle unbalanced voltage conditions is derived for HVDC applications. Combined with wind farm arrays, this collocation allows a meaningful examination of hybrid ACDC structures and the implemented dc grid control methodologies. To provide proof of the universal applicability of this framework, simulations are carried out on a five-terminal system.
This paper investigates low-complexity approaches to small-cell base-station (SBS) design, suitable for future 5G millimeter-wave (mmWave) indoor deployments. Using large-scale antenna systems and high-bandwidth spectrum, such SBS can theoretically achieve the anticipated future data bandwidth demand of 10000 fold in the next 20 years. We look to exploit small cell distances to simplify SBS design, particularly considering dense indoor installations. We compare theoretical results, based on a link budget analysis, with the system simulation of a densely deployed indoor network using appropriate mmWave channel propagation conditions. The frequency diverse bands of 28 and 72 GHz of the mmWave spectrum are assumed in the analysis. We investigate the performance of low-complexity approaches using a minimal number of antennas at the base station and the user equipment. Using the appropriate power consumption models and the state-of-the-art sub-component power usage, we determine the total power consumption and the energy efficiency of such systems. With mmWave being typified nonline-of-sight communication, we further investigate and propose the use of direct sequence spread spectrum as a means to overcome this, and discuss the use of multipath detection and combining as a suitable mechanism to maximize link reliability.
A thorough analysis of equalization-enhanced phase noise (EEPN) and its impact on the coherent optical system is presented. We show with a time-domain analysis that EEPN is caused due to the interference of multiple delayed versions of the dispersed signal, generated by intermixing of the received dispersed signal, and the noise side bands of the local oscillator (LO) in the photodetectors. We derive statistical properties such as the mean, variance, and error vector magnitude of the received signal influenced with EEPN. We show that in coherent optical systems utilizing electronic dispersion compensation, this noise corresponds to multipath fading in wireless communication systems. Closed-form expressions of necessary LO linewidth and/or mitigation bandwidth for a general system configuration and specified OSNR penalty are given. The expressions for system design parameters, validated with system simulations, show that higher order modulation formats, such as 16-quadrature amplitude modulation and beyond, put stringent demands on the LO linewidth unless a mitigation technique is used.
To efficiently detect non-technical loss and power blackout in micro-distribution systems, this study proposes using a cooperative game (CG) based inference mechanism under the advanced metering infrastructure technique. Fractional-order Sprott system is designed to extract specific features between the profiled usages and the measurement usages in real time analysis. The fractional-order dynamic errors are positive correlated with the changes in load usages, including normal conditions, electricity fraudulent events, and power blackout events. Then, multiple agents in a game and multiple CG based inference mechanisms are used to locate abnormalities in micro-distribution systems. For energy management applications, the proposed inference mechanism can identify the 2.5-20% irregular usages during normal demand operations. In addition, it can also identify the large changes >20% in usages, while a micro-distribution system is disconnected to operate in the islanded mode within a few hours. This function can address an outage occurrence and then quickly resume service using the service restoration strategy and distributed generations in a local grid. Using a medium-scale micro-distribution system, computer simulations are conducted to show the effectiveness of the proposed inference model.
A multivariate statistical analysis (MSA)-based power-grid-partitioning method is proposed. Considering the effectiveness of automatic voltage regulation of generators, network modelling is based on the quasi-steady-state sensitivity of voltage with respect to reactive power. The MSA-based power-grid-partitioning method contains two stages: a quantitative method for determining the appropriate number of zones and allocation of nodes into a number of zones. The proposed method is applied to an automatic voltage control system and an N - 1 robust pilot node selection method is presented. Simulation studies on IEEE 14-bus, 39-bus systems and a real provincial power system in China are described to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.
In this study, a new approach is developed to facilitate faster decoding of a binary systematic (71, 36, 11) quadratic residue (QR) code. In this decoder, it simplifies the step of calculating the condition and avoids calculating the unknown syndrome, thereby yielding a fast algebraic decoder for correcting four possible errors. Moreover, while using the proposed algorithm, if uses the channel measurement information proposed by Chase to sequentially invert the bits of the received word until one of the errors is cancelled for the five-error case and apply the new algebraic decoding algorithm mentioned above to correct the remaining four errors, the algorithm has been verified through a software simulation in C-language. The simulation shows that the decoding scheme developed here is more efficient than the previous decoding algorithm developed for the (71, 36, 11) QR code and it is naturally suitable for software implementation.
Hybrid metal insulator metal plasmonic waveguide has been investigated at 1550 nm wavelength using frequency-domain electromagnetic solver of computer simulation technology microwave studio. This waveguide overcomes the limitations of conventional plasmonic metal insulator metal waveguide and provides good balance between propagation length and confinement. Propagation length up to 2.5 mm and confinement factor more than 80% have been observed. Waveguide bends such as 90° and S-shaped, based on the presented waveguide have been examined;these bends exhibit more than 90% transmission efficiency in a confinement area of 40 × 200 nm2. The application of these structures in the design of chip scale integrated circuitry is motivated.
In wind farms, rotor speed control of generator is essential to generate appropriate electric energy. In this study, squirrel cage induction generator (SCIG) is used and its rotor speed is controlled with Genetic Proportional-Integral (GPI) method. Determination of PI coefficients providing SCIG to operate reference rotor speed promptly is obtained with Genetic Algorithm (GA) known as an optimization method. In addition, sensorless control of rotor speed is carried out with field oriented control (FOC). To do this purpose, the transfer function of rotor speed control of induction machine is created and employed in simulation model. Used in this control, PI coefficients, firstly, are obtained with a classical method called Ziegler-Nichols Method (ZNM) and then is obtained with GA. Wind turbine (WT) model created with Matlab/Simulink are used to operate the system simulation for these different methods which determine the PI coefficients. The system simulation of the results for ZNM and GA are compared. It is clearly seen that the results which are operated with PI coefficients calculated by GA is better than the others in the respect of reaching time to reference speed and determination.
A primary goal of an industrial electric power system is to minimize production losses in industrial facilities maintaining the industrial process running after the occurrence of certain supply disturbances. The automatic motor restarting is one of the strategies used in the industrial facilities, especially in Oil and Gas facilities, in order to achieve this goal. Aim of this strategy is to allow that after a voltage dip or disturbance, the medium voltage and low voltage motors will be automatically reenergized within predetermined time and in a certain order when voltage is restored. These abnormal voltage conditions may be caused by cleared short-circuits upstream, generation and public supply voltage outages or a simple automatic transfer system of a selective secondary substation operation. This paper presents the automatic motor restarting scheme applied at a large oil refinery where more than 600 motors are assigned to automatic restarting. Application criteria for motor restarting, power system simulations and physical implementation of this scheme are discussed in this paper.
New scheduling algorithms are first evaluated using simulation. In these simulations, the workload has a huge influence on the measured performance of the simulated system. Therefore, it is customary to use workload traces recorded previously from real systems. Such open-system simulations preserve all the jobs' properties. However, preserving the jobs' arrival times actually destroys the logic of the user's workflow, especially dependencies and think times between successive jobs. Furthermore, performance in such simulations is measured by the average wait time and slowdown, under the fixed load and throughput conditions dictated by the trace. Therefore, it is impossible to evaluate the system's effect on throughput and productivity. As an alternative we propose semi-open trace based simulations that include dynamic user activity and internal feedback from the system to the users. In these simulations, like in a real system, users adjust their job-submittal behavior in response to system performance. As a result, the simulations produce different loads and throughputs for different scheduling algorithms or parametrizations. We implemented such a simulation for evaluating the schedulers of parallel job systems. We also developed a novel user-aware scheduler designed specifically to increase users' productivity. While conventional simulations cannot measure this scheduler's influence reliably, and would suggest it is useless, our simulation evaluates it realistically and shows its beneficial effect on the users' productivity and the system's throughput.
The article based on the MATLAB software simulation was carried out on the image fusion, by using wavelet transform method, Lap lace pyramidal decomposition method and weighted average method of image fusion, respectively. And the integration of subjective evaluation and objective evaluation on the experimental results. The experimental results show that the wavelet transform method in image fusion effect is better.
Performance scaling is now synonymous with scaling the number of cores. One of the consequences of this shift is the increasing difficulty of designing processors with predictable and controllable performance. To address this challenge this paper proposes a chip-scale throughput regulation technique that is based on dynamic tracking of instruction execution dynamics in each core. A new variable gain controller design is developed for regulating the throughput of modern out-of-order cores. The gain is adjusted based on an on-line sensitivity analysis of the core's throughput to the control parameter. We explore throughput regulation using two control paramaters - core frequency and instruction issue width and demonstrate via cycle-level, full system simulation the utility of the proposed regulator on both compute and memory intensive workloads. Performance results are presented for the application to a 16 core, cache coherent 3D multicore processor.
Microwave based technique plays a vital role in non-destructive testing (NDT) field. A microwave based NDT method has been developed to detect and evaluate atmospheric corrosion under paint. The results are promising, the measurement sensitivity and resolution of microwave NDT can be significantly improved with known the lift-off (air layer) in the corrosion detection applications. The aim of this investigation was achieved by using electromagnetic computer simulation technology (CST 2012) describing the interaction of microwave signals radiated out of an open-ended rectangular waveguide with a layered medium. This CST program calculates the reflection coefficient (simulating corrosion measurements), and describes the field distribution in multiple layered media. Steel sample with 12 months exposure time has been measured. The experimental results were obtained by using a microwave NDT scanning system that was built according to the results of the theoretical investigation, and they confirmed the theoretical results.
The wheel-set maintenance mainly depends on ultrasonic nondestructive testing techniques to detect defects. Wheels are pressed or shrunk on the axle, and the press-fit has significant influence on ultrasonic detection at press-fit part of the in service axle comparing with bare axle. Limited by the complex testing conditions of the press-fit interface, higher amplitude noise is present in the echo signal. In this paper, simulation and axle detection experiments and filtering algorithms optimization are used to improve the signal-noise ratio. The phased array ultrasonic probe parameters and arrangements are optimized by software simulation and reference axle testing. A series of defect detection experiments between bare axle and axle with press-fit have been complemented by using phased array ultrasonic. Ultrasonic signal processing and denoising algorithm has been conducted to effectively improve the signal-noise ratio.
Modelling and simulation of electrified traction systems are widely used nowadays to provide an efficient design, operation and service of the railways. Various railroad systems models have been developed recently intending to study power flow process. Moreover, most of current software products model the train and the power system separately. The scope of this paper is to analyse the power flow and to perform the power system simulation, applying a commercial algorithm “fsolve” of MATLAB software. For this purpose the complex train model has not been built and trains are represented as non-linear power sources. This paper describes the steps, which have been taken in order to develop the working simulator and builds as following: first, the brief review of the existing algorithms to solve the power flow problem is presented. Second, design specification and solving procedure are explained. Finally, the test procedure validation of results are given.
A method of designing a single side left-handed structure based on the integration of electric resonator and magnetic resonator is proposed in this paper. The left-handed units are placed on one side of the substrate, and then make them arranged in periodic structures. The results of HFSS software simulation and a series of effective electromagnetic parameters extraction show that the left-handed structure exhibits negative effective permittivity and permeability in two dimension, in the first dimension, frequency range is 8.2-14.9GHz, in the second dimension, 8.5-14GHz, Its relative bandwidth reaches 56% and 49%, and the unit electrical length and loss are small in the same type of structures. This new structure lays a foundation for left-handed metamaterials widely used.
Due to the recent epidemic outbreak of the coconut black-headed caterpillars in the southern provinces of Thailand, this research aims to develop a tree-specific pest control equipment using robotic and computer simulation technology. The climbing device allows the spraying head to reach the foliage of the coconut regardless of the height of the tree. The spraying should access the area of the foliage that is infested with the coconut black-headed caterpillars. This research proposes the new technique of modeling spray deposition on to the coconut leaves using image processing and a probabilistic model. By spraying the substance directly to the foliage from an optimum position, the proposed method shows that it can largely reduce the amount of chemical pesticide. The coconut climbing robot was developed as a wheel robot with a series elastic actuator. There are two motors on the robot, the drive motor drives the robot up and down the tree while the other motor is attached to a spring mechanism which keeps the holding force between robot and the tree. The robot can climb up and down the coconut tree at an average speed of 0.3 m/s and can carry a sprayer with an additional payload of 2 kg.
There is much noise in the channel during signal transmission. The signals are easily polluted when they are transmitted in it. So they can't be received correctly. In order to get the correct signals, the polluted signals should be processed to reduce noises and improve the quality when they reach the receiver. After analyzing the theory of wavelet transform and the characteristics of traditional soft threshold and hard threshold wavelet denoising, an improved threshold denoising method based on wavelet transform is adopted to improve the quality of a signal. It is one dimensional and has been polluted by noise. The method overcomes the discontinuous in hard-threshold denoising and reduces the permanent bias in soft-threshold denoising. At last soft threshold denoising, hard threshold denoising and the improved threshold denoising are all adopted to reduce noise in the same polluted signal by software simulation. The results show that the improved threshold denoising method is superior to the traditional soft threshold and hard-threshold wavelet denoising methods in improving SNR and decreasing RMSE.
Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) technology enables sensors to track objects of intelligent manufacturing systems. The amount data resulting from the primitive RFID reading poses some interesting challenges for the data management. A software solution based on a special protocol communication is proposed. The proposed solution allows cleaning data and errors identification when the communication is setting. It stands on the integration of an adaptive dynamic library.
A continuous-switching type array antenna receiver has been proposed in order to reduce the deterioration due to fast-fading channel variations and improve communication performance. The receive antennas are placed in a linear array, and by sequentially switching the elements in the opposite direction to the direction of the train travel, it has been possible to fix the signal receiving point virtually. Through the development of a scale-model experiment of high-speed movement using the prototype antenna, in this paper we show that it is possible through optimized antenna element selection and appropriate signal processing to reduce the fading rate and improve the performance of an OFDM system. A software simulation based on the Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access (WiMAX) physical layer parameters was made and data transmitted at RF in a 5 MHz bandwidth with symbol rate appropriately scaled to simulate a range of fading speeds. The receive antenna array consisting of eight elements traverses a track at a virtual speed of 180 km/h and the error rate performances with and without switching are compared.
Device-to-Device (D2D) communication underlying 5G cellular networks enable using direct communication between devices as a relay strategy for coverage extension. We consider such a D2D-relaying approach in a scenario where there are multiple candidate devices to be selected as relays. Both backhaul and D2D transmissions are performed in uplink cellular resources, and are subject to cellular uplink power control. We investigate the relay selection and resource allocation problem for D2D-relaying in a multi-user, multi-carrier and multi-cellular network. For this purpose, we formulate a joint optimization problem and propose a simplified relay selection and resource allocation scheme. Using this scheme in a system simulation, we demonstrate that D2D-relaying under uplink power control increases the throughput of cell-edge users significantly.
The objective of this work is an adaptive control system modeling in servo-system in case of component control of a state vector. The integral quadratic functional is used to form the control actions under the conditions as an object's behavior and its description on a sliding range of stationary optimization of a predictive model. The results of the simulation process control system and modeling are given in this paper.
In this paper we consider the deployment of 3D-MIMO in traditional LTE bands (~1.8-3.5GHz) though 3D-MIMO is also considered an integral element of 5G systems. We show how the architecture of the 3D-MIMO antenna system (i.e., the connectivity between the transceivers and the physical antenna elements) can significantly impact system performance. At the cost of additional complexity in the array architecture that affects the ability to form wide or narrow RF beams, substantial performance gains can be achieved. We also consider the effect of the deployment scenario on 3D-MIMO performance. Generally environments where users are spatially separated in the elevation domain are better suited for MU-MIMO and consequently 3D-MIMO can provide better system performance. We observe that denser deployments (small inter-site distance) and user distributions offering a wider range of elevation angles of departures are more attractive for 3D-MIMO deployments. We present system simulation results quantifying the achievable gains by doubling the number of transceivers (or antenna ports) compared to a state-of-the-art LTE 8Tx base-station while operating within the existing LTE specifications.
This paper addresses a method of dynamically estimating relative pose between two rigid bodies from four corresponding point sets during motion in applications such as visual servoing and metrology for intelligent manufacturing. Instead of tracking each body individually relative to a camera, the underlying problem is how to track two bodies simultaneously and accurately. For this reason, the proposed method directly assigns the relative pose and motion as a state estimate. Further, an observation model is formulated in such a way that the state estimate is mapped to the observed point sets of two bodies. Since this observation model is nonlinear, an analytical expression of linearization is derived and state estimation by iterative extended Kalman filters (IEKF) is adapted to reduce the linearization errors. The proposed approach is implemented in simulations of position-based visual servoing and validated experimentally on a robotic riveting system for aircraft automated assembly.
Current power systems creates environmental impacts as well as global warming due to utilisation of fossil fuels, especially coal, as carbon dioxide is emitted into the atmosphere. It is therefore a fundamental concern today to be able to bring higher percentages of renewable electricity into the energy mix as these sources are climate-frindly and unlimited. However, intermittent nature of power output from renewable energy sources, in particular wind and solar, introduces potential technical impacts that affect quality of power observed including voltage fluctuations, power fluctuations, overloading of distribution transformers and voltage and current harmonics injection into the network. This study developed a simulation model with power system simulation software PSS Sincal to investigate the potential adverse impact of large-scale renewable energy (RE) penetration into the Rockhampton power networks, Queensland, Australia. From the model analyses, it has been clearly evident that large-scale RE integration not only influence in the low voltage distribution network but it also influence in the transmission, subtransmission and high voltage (HV) distribution network in terms of power quality issues such as voltage fluctuations, overloading of transformers and injection of harmonics.
Based on drawing "flipped classroom" experience of practitioners domestic and foreign, together with the full use of modern information tools and the reinforcement of the construction of discipline support system, we build the medical virtual simulation platform. On this basis, we perform reasonable instructional design and good application of "flipped classroom" in medical experimental teaching. These efforts adapt the learning requirements of students at different levels, and can enhance students' self-learning ability. These efforts can also train students' creative and independent thinking ability, achieve personalized learning, and improve the quality of medical students' experimental teaching. Construction of medical virtual simulation platform in the school of medicine not only provides a new method for basic medical experimental teaching to enable introduction of "flipped classroom" into basic medical experimental teaching, but also promotes implementation of information education and improves the teaching quality of professional disciplines.
Smartphones and tablets have occupied the every facet of our daily life in recent years. According to a recent survey, users spend over 3 hours a day on their mobile devices. In addition, 76% and 75% of smartphone users perform web browsing and social networking at least once a day, respectively. To fully enjoy their benefits, those mobile systems require a long battery life. However, network errors such as packet losses decrease the battery life more quickly. We analyzed the reason for this through measurements using real smartphones and mobile full system simulation. We found that the smartphones maintain high performance level on packet losses without doing useful work. To address this problem, we propose a method for reducing energy consumption by lowering down performance level with a Dynamic Voltage and Frequency Scaling mechanism when long network delay is expected due to packet losses. Experimental results show that the total energy consumption is reduced by 8.4% without performance loss.
We present a general mathematical model of signals for efficient and accurate simulation of analog and mixed signal (AMS) systems. It relies on signal coding and parameterization and allows heterogeneous system specification at different abstraction levels, as well as, the operational computation of continuous time systems' dynamical behavior. In particular, we derive a matrix for operational subdivision of continuous signals and use it to capture accurately the interaction between continuous and discrete time systems. A key advantage of this signal representation is that continuous signal monitoring and analysis can be performed more efficiently, speeding up system verification. We implemented the proposed modeling approach in SystemC AMS 2.0 to exploit the dynamic reactive behavior of TDF MoC for accurate synchronization between the digital and analog system parts. With the example of a PLL system we evaluate the capabilities of our implementation to cope with heterogeneous designs at different design abstraction levels. The experimental results show a significant simulation speedup for high accurate models.
High static power consumption and insufficient scalability of the commonly used DRAM main memory technology appear to be tough challenges in upcoming years. Hence, adopting new technologies, i.e. non-volatile memories (NVMs), is a proper choice. NVMs tolerate a low number of write operations while having good scalability and low static power consumption. Due to the non-destructive nature of a read operation and the long latency of a write operation in NVMs, designers use read-before-write (RBW) mechanism to mask the unchanged bits during write operation in order to reduce bit flips. Based on this observation that some specific locations of blocks are responsible for the majority of bit flips, we extend the RBW to further reduce the number of bit flips per write in the memory system. The results taken from full-system simulations reveal that our proposal, called Captopril, can reduce the number of bit flips by 21% and 9%, on average, compared to the baseline and state-of-the-art designs, respectively.
The increasing number of complex embedded systems used in safety relevant tasks produces major challenges in the field of safety analysis. This paper presents a simulation-based safety analysis that will overcome these challenges. The presented approach consists of two parts: an Error Effect Simulation (EES) and a graph-based specification. The EES is composed of a system simulation with fault injection capability and a generic fault specification. The graph-based specification approach guides systematically the EES and enables a very efficient exploration of the analysis space. Inherent in the graph-based specification is the documentation of the safety analysis and a coverage approach to assess the executed safety analysis. Combining these parts leads to an efficient and automatable framework for safety analysis. A use case of an interconnected electronic control system shows the application of the approach and highlights the benefits for a safety analysis, such as a failure mode and effect analysis.
This paper aims at the actual demand for experimental teaching for sensors and detecting technologies. It adopts LabView as virtual instrument platform, taking embedded processing system as hardware platform and designs the experimental teaching platform for detecting voltage and frequency signals of sensor output. We pay attention to the teaching demand and discuss the design idea and overall structure of teaching platform based on virtual instruments. Then a virtual simulation teaching platform is designed with LabView, integrated with corresponding hardware resources. The test results show our scheme satisfies the demand for current experimental teaching and construction demand for modernized laboratories.
In this interactive demonstration we show the basics of Stochastic Computing (SC) using a remote reconfigurable logic laboratory. A very simple web based approach is used to enable a remote access to a development board hosting a FPGA (Field Programmable Gate Array). The board switches and keys are virtualised with an online web form, and a webcam is used to provide feedback to the user. Recently, SC has been revisited and evaluated as a possible way of performing approximate probabilistic computations for artificial perception systems. Therefore, we provide the basic stochastic computing modules, so that any user can use them to build a stochastic computing circuit and go beyond software simulations, providing a remote hardware device to test real circuits at high clock speeds.
The implementation of a modular system development approach offers great opportunities for distributed modelling and analysis of mechatronic systems. Signal-flow based subsystem models are frequently used for this purpose, especially within Co-Simulation scenarios. They are usually masked such that sharing the model is possible without granting access to internal details of the implementation. However, this lack of knowledge about the internal structure of a model can lead to modelling mistakes: especially problems originating from neglected energy exchange between models can happen. Such problems can be avoided if physical interaction based models are used for defining the interfaces of the models. This contribution highlights typically occuring problems according to modular system simulation leading to modelling guidelines, demonstrated on a simple theoretical example.
Virtual engineering becomes more and more relevant for different industries to reduce development efforts in terms of costs and time. Especially for large dynamical systems co-simulation is a promising approach for performing system simulations, where subsystems are modeled as well as simulated via tailored simulation tools in a distributed manner. In contrast to general purpose simulation tools for co-simulations an additional higher-level numerical solver (Master Algorithm) is mandatory, which has to be configured by the user and leads to significant additional application efforts: therefore benefits of modular development are strongly limited. Within this paper the occurring coupling challenge for non-iterative co-simulation is investigated and recently proposed solutions are reviewed. On this basis, the necessary information for configuration is identified and an approach for fully automated configuration of non-iterative co-simulations is derived. The proposed concepts are examined.
Based on the research of air-ground data link communication principle, the model of air-ground data link communication between multiple aerial platforms and single ground station is designed. At the same time, combined with the research of the software interface development between STK, VC and MATLAB, software simulation for air-ground data communication is carried out. The simulation realizes generation, transmission and reception of multi-channel signal by MATLAB. And the information of flight platform is displayed through data interaction at VC interface, finally the visual display is presented to user through STK. The design is more flexibility than the existing single path data link communication. Simulation result provides a reference for realizing the data link of multiple aerial platforms to single ground station.
Energy-saving research in rail transport air-conditioning system has an important position, because air conditioning system of subway station is a multi-input and multiple-output, strong coupling, nonlinear, complex control object of uncertain time-delay, with significant characteristics of distributed systems, it's hard for conventional controller to achieve the desired control effect. This paper presents an evolutionary algorithm of Multi - Agent System (MAS) coordination mechanism to form intelligent control strategy in environmental control system. Through evolutionary algorithm to obtain non-inferior set of parameters and system simulation, the results show that the robustness of the system is strong, enabling flexible adjustment rail traffic control system and the air conditioning energy efficient control, minimizing rail transportation energy consumption of air conditioning systems.
A virtual operation system of well drilling control installation is introduced based on LabVIEW. 3D model of a blow-out preventer (BOP) is created with 3Ds Max. The animation of starting the BOP by virtual operation instrument is also designed to imitate the interaction between the well control equipment and men. The virtual simulation of well control operation system demonstrated in this paper can be used not only to train the workers, but also analysis the intricate problems in the drilling process.
The reality interactive technology contributes to add some real interactive teaching concepts and phenomena in science, and the creation of an interactive learning environment for active SAFE mimic reality, so interactive Simulations in teaching science is a fundamental pillar for the development of understanding of the learners to the concepts of scientific facts more attractive and suspense of the learner methods, known researcher simulation interactive in this paper as "learning environments and teaching used to give scientific concepts to students through testing materials science laboratories electronic mimic real laboratory interactive, and provides the same circumstances, but it is less expensive and more safety and accuracy in achieving results." The Natural Sciences of the most important areas that the latest computer and its applications a great revolution in education, so they are considered natural science materials from more subjects related to technology, whether cognitive or through the integration of this technology in the scientific integrated student who growth strives to be a meaningful through interaction instruction direct with interactive lab. And deals with the researcher in this paper is a theoretical introduction about the technological revolution and its relation to the educational process, and theoretical introduction about the importance of interactive simulation in teaching science, and a review of several definitions for interactive simulation by the views of the researchers. And also it addresses the researcher in this paper are the main components of the interactive simulation types, and features interactive science education in the simulation, and the challenges that limit the use of interactive simulation in teaching science. The presentation of some Arab and foreign studies, which focused on measuring the effectiveness of interactive treatment on academic achievement and science to students through their use in the teaching of sci- nce, and display models of international experiences in the use of interactive simulations in science. The recommendations, including the need for a well thought out practical plans to activate the use of interactive simulation in teaching science, and the need to provide funding and design appropriate programs and training programs for those in charge of interactive simulation.
In this paper, we present some interactive simulations developed mainly for educational purposes in physics, mathematics, and engineering. A new horizon of understanding some concepts via interactive animations has opened a new research dimension in the learning theory. In this work, our interest is focused on the design of interactive and didactic simulations for teaching and learning differential equations. The code is written in ActionScript/Flash to enjoy all the benefits of this technology in the multimedia field, Internet and mobile phones (smartphones and tablets). This powerful tool stimulates students' interest to understand/learn abstract mathematical concepts in physics. These simulations provide additional insight for concepts that need a lot of resources and time. These simulations are applied in e-learning environments and engineering education.
Full-system simulation is critical in evaluating design alternatives for multicore processors. However, state-of-the-art multicore simulators either lack good extensibility due to their tightly-coupled design between functional model (FM) and timing model (TM), or cannot guarantee cycle-accuracy. This paper conducts a comprehensive study on factors affecting cycle-accuracy and uncovers several contributing factors less studied before. Based on these insights, we propose a loosely-coupled functional-driven full-system simulator for multicore, namely Transformer. To ensure extensibility and cycle-accuracy, Transformer leverages an architecture-independent interface between FM and TM and uses a lightweight scheme to detect and recover from execution divergence between FM and TM. Built upon Transformer and its foundational simulator components, a graduate student only needed to write about 180 lines of code to extend an X86 functional model (QEMU) in Transformer. Moreover, the loosely-coupled design also removes the complex interaction between FM and TM and opens the opportunity to parallelize FM and TM to improve performance. Experimental results show that Transformer achieves an average of 8.4 and 7.0 percent performance improvement over GEMS in 4-core and 8-core configuration while guaranteeing cycle-accuracy. A further parallelization between FM and TM leads to 35.3 and 29.7 percent performance improvement respectively.
This paper presents several methods for motivating students taking a power system protection (PSP) course. The paper reviews the laboratory activities developed for the PSP course at Curtin University, Australia;these methods are applicable and can be used for PSP course instruction at any institution. These activities were developed to improve the learning experience of the electrical engineering undergraduate and postgraduate students enrolled in this course. Initially, the PSP course at Curtin University consisted of lectures and tutorials accompanied by two sessions of software-based simulations and one session of laboratory demonstration. To motivate the students, several computer-based simulations and practical laboratory experiments were developed. PSCAD and ETAP power system analysis software tools are introduced and used to demonstrate the performance and coordination of different protection relays from steady-state and dynamic points of view. Also, a practical setup composed of a LabVolt power system simulator and industrial relays is used to carry out several practical experiments. The experiments help students observe the performance of protection systems for transformers and induction motors during faults and abnormal operating conditions. Finally, the concept of relay testing and commissioning is introduced by relay standalone experiments using a secondary injection relay test set. The results of these activities were evaluated according to the students' satisfaction, comments, total scores, and interest in PSP.
System modeling problems, such as the channel of a single-hop relay communication system in a flat-fading environment, require a cascade of two or more autoregressive (AR) processes to capture the entire system characteristics. However, for the purpose of system simulation and parameter estimations, it is more convenient if the entire system is modeled by a single AR model. In this paper, we consider a cascade system whose statistical characteristics of its subsystems is represented by two independentth-order complex Gaussian AR processes, and model it by a singleth-order Laplace AR process. In our analysis, we first demonstrate that the marginal probability distribution functions of the real and imaginary components of a system described by a cascade of the two complex Gaussian AR processes are Laplace distributed. Then, to model the cascaded system, we develop a single complex Laplace AR process whose parameters are configured to match other statistical characteristics of the cascaded system. Specifically, we show that the autocorrelation of the developed Laplace AR process satisfies Yule–Walker type of equations and derive the steps for the design of its parameters through autocorrelation matching.
We consider the following non-interactive simulation problem: Alice and Bob observe sequences $X^{n}$ and $Y^{n}$ , respectively, where ${(X_{i}, Y_{i})}_{i=1}^{n}$ are drawn independent identically distributed from $P(x,y)$ , and they output $U$ and $V$ , respectively, which is required to have a joint law that is close in total variation to a specified $Q(u,v)$ . It is known that the maximal correlation of $U$ and $V$ must necessarily be no bigger than that of $X$ and $Y$ if this is to be possible. Our main contribution is to bring hypercontractivity to bear as a tool on this problem. In particular, we show that if $P(x,y)$ is the doubly symmetric binary source, then hypercontractivity provides stronger impossibility results than maximal correlation. Finally, we extend these tools to provide impossibility results for the $k$ -agent version of this problem.
This study presents dynamic equivalence of wind farms using the cross-gramian (CG)-based model order reduction method. For the purpose of wind fluctuation simulation, the dynamic model of wind farms can be described as a high-order linear input-output system, whose input is the wind speed and output is the active power injected from point of common coupling (PCC). The main input-output behaviours of the system can be measured by its CG. The right and left eigenspaces associated with large eigenvalues of CG are used to obtain a low-order model. Frequency-domain analysis of wind farms consisted of doubly-fed induction generators shows that the proposed method is rapid and numerically stable. The non-linear dynamic simulation also confirms that the reduced model is capable of retaining the dynamic relationship between the input and output of original wind farms. The proposed method offers a potential solution to dynamic simulation of the power system with large-scale wind farms.
A DC grid benchmark model can provide a common reference and study platform for researchers to compare the performance and characteristics of different DC control functions and protection strategies. It can also provide reference cases for testing simulators and digital programs. This paper presents a DC grid benchmark model for system studies of the interconnection of two AC power systems. The topology, configuration and functions of the benchmark model are described in detail. The basic system data of the model for load flow studies are provided. Finally, load flow simulation studies with PEE/S program for the model are undertaken and the corresponding results under three operating conditions are presented and analyzed in the paper. The load flow results confirm the steady-state operations of the benchmark model.
This paper provides an overview of the development of a real-time cyber-physical testbed for analyzing the impact of cyber events on the critical loads in a microgrid. A real-time, cyber-physical co-simulation testbed utilizing a Real Time Digital Simulator (RTDS) for simulating the power system, Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) for emulation of the communication network, and a TCP/IP based interface is used in this work. The testbed is used to simulate a Army microgrid based model for validation. Cyber-physical system simulation results demonstrates the ability of the testbed to implement the cyber attacks and analyze the impact on microgrid.
This paper consider a fundamental issue of pathloss modeling in urban environments, namely the spatial consistency of the model as the mobile station (MS) moves along a trajectory through street canyons. We show that the traditional model of power law pathloss plus lognormally distributed variations can provide misleading results that can have serious implications for system simulations. Rather, the pathloss coefficient has to be modeled as a random variable that changes from street to street, and is also a function of the street orientation. Variations of the channel gain, taken over the ensemble of the whole cell (or multiple cells) thus consist of the compound effect of these pathloss coefficient variations together with traditional shadowing variations along the trajectory of movement. Ray tracing results demonstrate that ignoring this effect can lead to a severe overestimation of shadowing standard deviation. While the effect is irrelevant for “drop-based” simulations, it can have critical impact on system simulations that require spatial consistency for large-scale movement, such as most mm-wave systems.
As computer systems become increasingly complex, the need for fast and accurate simulation tools increases. Accurate but slow processor core models are often substituted with simple trace players to achieve faster memory-system simulation. However, existing trace-driven simulation techniques are limited in their applicability and availability. In this work, we capture elastic traces containing out-of-order core dependencies and effects of speculative execution, which overcome limitations of existing work. Additionally, we make our capture and replay modelling available in the gem5 simulator. Our trace-driven CPU achieves a speed-up of 6???8x compared to the reference core and predicts the performance with less than 1% error on average when the memory-system is changed.
As technology scaling continues, on-chip networks are expected to remain important in future many-core chips due to the increased parallelism and, therefore, communication. However, designing and evaluating large-scale on-chip networks is a nontrivial task given the poor scalability of software simulation for thousands of cores and the intense development effort to develop hardware RTL. In this paper, we describe OpenSoC Fabric. OpenSoC Fabric is a comprehensive on-chip network generator written in Chisel. Chisel generates both C++ and Verilog models from a single code base and has a development effort comparable to functional programming. We describe the internal architecture of OpenSoC Fabric and its powerful list of configuration parameters. We then compare OpenSoC Fabric against pre-validated state-of-the-art simulators using both the generated C++ and Verilog models using FPGAs.
The analysis of energy consumption and performance is essential to design and optimize mobile systems because of their limited battery capacity. Full-system simulation provides detailed performance metrics for an entire system. Thus it has been widely used for designing and optimizing microarchitectures and mobile systems. The gem5 simulator provides full-system simulation based on the ARM architecture and Android for mobile systems. However, gem5 for mobile systems does not support wireless network interfaces and can not configure various networking environments such as network errors and network types. Furthermore, gem5 provides only performance statistics without power consumption data. This paper presents a mobile full-system simulation framework based on an enhanced gem5 that includes a simulated mobile system, a simulated server system, and a simulated Ethernet, which enables us to configure various networking environments, in addition to power models for the main components of mobile systems: CPU/caches, DRAM, network interfaces, and display. Using mobile applications and SPEC CPU2006 benchmarks, we show that the proposed mobile full-system simulator achieves performance accuracy within 26.8% error rate for various network packet loss rates, and power modeling accuracy within 12.8% error rate, compared with Nexus 5. This mobile full-system simulator considering the real networking environments provides the energy consumption and performance analysis of not only hardware components, but also application processes and threads at the same time. We also discovered energy-inefficient tasks and the inefficiency of the DVFS ondemand governor on network delays using the proposed mobile full-system simulation framework.
The paper describes a hardware solution for a custom WLAN Medium Access Control (MAC) layer, designed for Industry Automation applications. Architecture and implementation details of the MAC processor including system simulation and test procedures are presented.
Technology scaling enables Chip Multiprocessors (CMPs) a promising approach to powerful performance within a chip. However, increasing transistor density makes them more susceptible to transient faults. Even worse, process variation due to unstable manufacturing makes the reliability problem more complicated. In recent years, there is a trend towards exploiting the inherent core redundancy characteristic in multi-core systems for error resilience. Nevertheless, traditional multi-core simulators lack of features to support reliability research. For fault environment simulation, high-level fault injection techniques make soft error effect unreal. Besides, core-variation error environment is not supported. For N Modular Redundancy (NMR) system simulation, there is no thread duplicate and thread affinity assignment feature. In this paper, we present a core-variation simulation platform with register-level fault injection based on intel's Sniper multi-core simulator. In addition to modifications of internal mechanism, an application program interface (API) is also provided. The validation result shows that the fault model in our simulator is consistent with exponential distribution model. In case study, NMR-system is validated. Hence, the proposed platform can be used for robust computing on multicore and other related researches in the future.
This work is devoted to the design of an analog transceiver for the Aeronautical Radio Navigation Services band (960 to 1215 MHz) as a required step to the exploitation of the Software Defined Radio concept in avionics. The integration of all the equipment operating in this band into a single piece of reprogrammable hardware minimizes the size, weight, power and cost (the so-called SWaP-C requirements) of avionic equipment, as well as it enables easy and fast transition towards a modernization of the Communications, Navigation and Surveillance standards. The main challenges of the design are: To provide the receiver with the dynamic range required by the Minimum Operational Performance Standards;to minimize the SWaP-C requirements by sharing a single High Power Amplifier for all the services specified in the title;and to establish a suitable duplexing technique that allows all the services to meet their operational goals. Along with this design, an operational study of the proposed multiplexing/duplexing schemes is carried out through software simulation, proving the feasibility of the proposed schemes and a small impact on the systems' capabilities.
We present RoboBench, a novel platform for sharing robot full-system simulations for benchmarking. The creation of this platform and benchmark suite is motivated by a need for reproducible research. A challenge in creating a full-system benchmarks are incompatibilities in software created by different groups and the difficulty of reproducing software environments. We solve this problem by using software containers, an emerging virtualization technology. RoboBench enables sharing robot software in a runnable state, capturing the software behavior of robots carrying out missions. These simulations make clear the performance impact and resource usage of programs and algorithms relative to other software involved in the mission. These containers are integrated with the CITK platform for reproducible research, which automates generation and publishing of the containers. We present an overview of the system, a description of our prototype set of benchmark missions, along with a validation study comparing the computational load profile of a mission performed on a real and simulated robot. Additionally, we present preliminary results of an overall analysis of the benchmarks in the RoboBench suite, showing where computational work is expended in robotics common robotics tasks. RoboBench is extensible, and is the first step toward a robust, quantitative approach to engineering computationally-efficient robots.
The main goal of the Landscape Architectural Design course is to cultivate students' capability in tackling architectural and environmental problems. Under the guidance of the present regulations and evaluation system, transformation to green architecture in China puts forward a new request for teaching of landscape architectural design. Green Architecture Theory strikes a new path for teaching of landscape architectural design in value orientations, teaching pedagogies and curriculum design. In order to explore the type of experimental operation, with the example of virtual multimedia teaching system in modern educational technology, Design and development of the interactive simulation software as the main learning resources, to cultivate students' hands-on practical ability, promote the experimental skills and knowledge internalization, improve experiment teaching effect and efficiency, promote the diversification of the flipped classroom form.
This paper introduces the design and development of a set of presided over by the author for the higher vocational education of professional teaching and training of the virtual equipment of communication. The device using the virtual simulation technology, 3 d modeling technology to build a set of low cost, high efficiency of communication training platform. The platform can include data network, transmission equipment, access equipment full range of communication and data networking equipment. In the practical application effect, achieved obvious benefits.
With the continuous development of industrial automation, the seam of space curve welding meet the accuracy requirements has become the most important issue to be solved by automated welding equipment. In this paper, a small long straight sections connected end to end to fit the space weld trajectory curve, selected discrete points in ensuring error conditions, thus completing the torch movement trajectory tracking, and implement the space curve welding seam welding. Finally, through the Matlab software simulation verify the correctness and effectiveness of the interpolation algorithm.
Application of computer simulation techniques in traffic reconstruction will contribute to the sustainable development of protection of pedestrians and driver. In this paper, introducing National Automobile Accident In-Depth Investigation System, Nais. The proposed database establishment could handle data while cases accumulate to a certain degree. Based on its strict workflow and thought process, take a collision accident as an example, collecting accident information, using PC-CRASH to reconstruct this accident. Evaluating consistency of simulation results and accident. Finally, in the light of this vehicle, making safe evaluation and analyzing the reason of airbag unexploded. The proposed database provides a powerful and extensible framework that is particularly well suited to analyzing big variety data in traffic accident.
Fault Tree Analysis (FTA) is a widespread technique used to assess the reliability of safety-critical systems. The traditional way of conducting FTA is either through paper and pencil proof or through computer simulation techniques, which are inefficient and prone to inaccuracy. In this paper, we propose the use of probabilistic model checking to automatically analyze fault trees of safety-critical systems. Our methodology consists in the probabilistic formalization of the gates used in a fault tree to a Discrete-Time Markov Chain (DTMC) and a Markov Decision Process (MDP), and the subsequent probabilistic verification using PRISM tool to quantitatively analyze the system. To illustrate the proposed approach we perform the fault tree analysis of a solar array system, used as power source for the DFH-3 satellite. The results show that harsh thermal environment is the main cause of system failures.
In this work, it???s aimed at constructing a micro scale smart metering system in order to obtain total electricity power consumption within a small area. The area consists of individual units such as room in a hall, a flat in a building, a building in a street, etc. The power and the communication networks are designed and power system simulation is performed. The data obtained from simulation is processed and power consumption profiles of the units are generated for different time intervals considering the electricity grid tariffs.
In cloud system, the completion time of the slowest processing task is a significant metric when process the data-intensive application by the Map Reduce/Hadoop architectures. Thus an important problem that virtual machine placement for data node problem (VMPDN) is raised. In this paper, considering the successful application of ACO on combinatorial optimization problems, we firstly adopt Max-Min Ant System to solve placement problem and improve the algorithm based on the specific characteristics for VMPDN to accelerate the convergence. We evaluate the performance of our algorithm by giving system simulation. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of the method.
In modern warfare of the complex electromagnetic environment, varieties of communications, radar and other interference signals accumulate with high density. So the receiver with large instantaneous bandwidth, high sensitivity and multiple signals simultaneously processing characteristics is required. Poly-phase filter structure can not only reduce system complexity, but also process the channel data parallelly and improve the system efficiency. Discrete Fournier transformation(DFT) modulated filter banks with near perfect reconstruction(NPR) solve the problem of unknown signals across the channels. Using the FPGA as the core chip, the design of eight reconfigurable channelized receiver is completed to combine the poly-phase filter and DFT modulated filter banks. Then do the simulation by the softwares of ISE13.3, Modelsim10.1 and Matlab2010. The system simulation results meet the design requirement and show its engineering application value.
The virtual simulation model of a certain type infantry combat vehicle structures including road, ATV, car-body and weapon system is analyzed and calculated to analyze the influence of road load on move for cannon vibration. The road model is built up by the harmonic superposition method, the vehicle model is built up by ATV module of ADAMS software and the hull model and weapon system model are built up by ADAMS software, and the joint and force models are calculated by the certain formulas. The simulation of moving on C road shows that the rigid model can describe the dynamic response characteristic of infantry combat vehicle on move, which afford the model foundation for analyzing the influence of every condition for moving.
In this study, base-2 computer arithmetic procedures are developed for the analyzing of fast division algorithms;Non- Restoring Division, SRT division and Division by Multiplication algorithms. For this purpose, those algorithms have been developed in MATLAB software simulation platform to compare the performance of the three division method. Depending on the number of bits used in simulation, memory space (A), the number of transactions (I) and the algorithms executed by the CPU processing time (T) criteria were used in the analyzing. As a result of our comparisons, division by multiplication algorithm had achieved better in those three criterias.
The ever increasing integration and performance requirements of networking processors is pushing the limits of the serial interfaces data transfer rates. Current generation products are operating typically at 28Gbps per differential pair. New techniques for the optimization of the system in order to sustain this higher data-rate and to ensure signal integrity are required. Serial link integration requires to study the silicon device, its package, the board and the connector. A standard approach consists in creating a model for each element and combining them for a system simulation. This paper shows the limitation of this approach on an example, proposes a solution to remove pessimism by merging the layouts before creating a single system model and highlights the advantages and drawbacks of both solutions.
A new technique for performance regulation in event-driven systems, recently proposed by the authors, consists of an adaptive-gain integral control. The gain is adjusted in the control loop by a real-time estimation of the derivative of the plant-function with respect to the control input. This estimation is carried out by Infinitesimal Perturbation Analysis (IPA). The main motivation comes from applications to throughput regulation in computer processors, where to-date, the testing of the proposed control technique has been assessed by simulation. The purpose of this paper is to report on its implementation on Intel's Haswell microprocessor, and compare its performance to that obtained from cycle-level, full system simulation environment. The intrinsic contribution of the paper to the Workshop on Discrete Event Systems is in describing the process of taking an IPA-based design and simulation to a concrete implementation, thereby providing a bridge between theory and applications.
Ultra wide band (UWB) technologies in wireless body area networks (WBAN) attract more and more attention in researches such as on-body medical healthcare. Meanwhile, body mounted sensors in WBAN with UWB signals are required to be located appropriately to collect data. Thus, making sure the sensors are at their proper locations is a critical issue in WBAN. Time of arrival (TOA) based ranging technique is applicable to do this. However, TOA measurement and analysis in real world is costly and time consuming while the feasibility of simulation results are skeptical. Thus, in this paper, we conduct both real measurements and simulations and compare their results to validate the capability of software simulation. Besides the comparison, accuracy of TOA measurements and simulations is analyzed, coming up with a Cramer-Rao lower bound which is treated as the performance guide line.
In this paper a communication system for CubeSats in formation that operate in the vicinity of the Moon is proposed. A CDMA system for the fleet of CubeSats in the vicinity of the moon to communicate with the Earth station is considered. This is an extension of our previous proposed CDMA system for a concept Constellation of CubeSats. In this paper the Doppler effects on CDMA communication system performance for a constellation of CubeSats around the Moon will be investigated. As an example we have estimated the maximum Doppler and Doppler rate profile of a SOLARA/SARA CubeSat scenario. We investigate the Effects of Doppler Shift/Rate on the CDMA system performance as a result of the CubeSat constellation orbiting in a halo orbit around Earth-Moon Lagrange Point L1. A detailed analysis and simulation of system in presence of Doppler frequency and unknown carrier phase will be performed. First we define the CDMA system for uplink and downlink between the vicinity of the Moon and Earth station. Link budgets will be provided both for uplink and downlink. Bandwidth limitations imposed by the spectral standards will be investigated for modulation formats. All system simulations are done using Simulink Matlab platform. For highly efficient nonlinear power amplifiers, we prefer to use a filtered offset QPSK with phase modulation, which is a CCSDS standard for constant envelope signaling. This allows us to use a nonlinear amplifier at CubeSat to operate at saturation point for the highest efficiency. Filtered offset QPSK with phase modulation is much more bandwidth efficient scheme. We demonstrate that this modulation format satisfies the two international spectral standards. For estimated and specified Doppler frequencies and Doppler rates we design frequency-tracking loops to track the Doppler frequency and Doppler rate in the presence of data with filtered offset QPSK with phase modulation. For carrier phase offsets a well-designed tracking loop is derived with specifie- loop bandwidth for the same modulation format. We use the CCSDS standard LDPC codes for space applications to meet the link budget margins.
Introducing new communication equipment or system to the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System (TDRSS) ground segment is a complicated process that involves a lengthy development and test cycle. Complexity arises due to the presence of the variety of signaling formats, operation and user constraints, monitor and control parameters, and the requirement to ensure the new piece of ground equipment or system meets the functional and performance requirements for all different combinations of system configuration parameters and operational scenarios. The development cycle starts with extensive software simulations to establish the performance parameters of the new equipment or system followed by a prototyping stage. The prototype system undergoes a battery of tests in a laboratory environment to verify that it is capable of meeting the performance levels derived from the software simulations. Testing must be performed using simulated signals generated either using software or hardware. The current practice is to use a chain of test equipment, each piece in the chain dedicated to a single function. This requires manual setup between different test configurations and test reporting is also handled manually. This is costly both in terms of test hardware investment and the manpower involved. The options available to reduce the cost are to use either a software or hardware simulator that can combine multiple functions in a single unit. Software simulation involves generating signal files that can be played back repeatedly. Depending on the data rate being simulated, each test file can occupy several Terabytes (TBs);in addition, it requires a playback system which tends to be relatively expensive to acquire and maintain. On the other hand, with more advanced signal processing technology the hardware simulation can be achieved with low cost Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA). A low cost hardware simulator that can support data rates up to 25 Mbps is selected for the simul- tion system. The simulator supports baseband digital data formats and different modulation and coding schemes used in the TDRSS. Channel impairments applicable for communicating with orbiting platforms and signal impairments generated by the TDRSS itself are also simulated by the system;these include stressing profiles of delay, Doppler, and multipath. Hardware distortions of customer platforms are simulated by a set of software defined distortion filters designed according to the user constraints specified in the Space Network user's guide. In order to reduce the time spent during the prototype testing phase, an automated test system is being developed. Simulator architecture and the test automation approach will be presented.
Improving the performance and power efficiency of a single processor has been fraught with various challenges stemming from the end of the classical technology scaling. Thus, the importance of efficiently running applications on a parallel/distributed computer system has continued to increase. In developing and optimizing such a parallel/distributed computer system, it is critical to study the impact of the complex interplay amongst processor, node, and network architectures on performance and power efficiency in detail. This necessitates a flexible, detailed and open-source full-system simulation infrastructure. However, our community lacks such an infrastructure. In this paper, we present pd-gem5, a gem5-based infrastructure that can model and simulate a parallel/distributed computer system using multiple simulation hosts. Our experiment shows that pd-gem5 running on six simulation hosts speeds up the simulation of a 24-node computer system up to 3.2× compared with running on a single simulation host.
A model that accurately reproduces the electrical behavior of photovoltaic (PV) devices becomes relevant, not only for cell, panel, array and system simulation, but also as an analysis tool that provides an insight of the internal physical mechanisms of PV devices. Consequently, a method based on genetic algorithms is proposed in this paper to obtain the parameters of the one-diode model of PV cells. The proposed method is applicable to I-V curves at several irradiation and temperature levels. Moreover, it simplifies the computation by adjusting the real data to the modeled one, without solving the transcendental equation that describes the current-voltage (I-V) characteristic. Additionally, the presented method combines two approaches;on the one hand, one that relies on the use of fitting algorithms that minimize the error for the entire set of data, and on the other, one that seeks minimization in selected I-V points (open-circuit, short-circuit and maximum power points ). In order to verify the validity of the method, an I-V curve is obtained out of the parameters previously determined and later compared with that offered by the panel manufacturer.
As a result of huge advancements in VLSI technology, more and more complex circuits are being implemented making not only the whole digital system more prone to faults, but also the fault detector itself susceptible to faults resulting in the requirement of concurrent fault detection architecture of the encoders and decoders. In this paper, we present a multiple-bit parity-based fault detection architecture for parallel CRC computation. After analyzing the parallel implementation of CRC, we present a formulation to generate a multiple-bit parity prediction structure to incorporate the fault detection architecture. Using the formulations of digit level CRC architecture, the checksum is divided into few blocks and predicted multiple-bit parity of the blocks are compared with the actual parity bits. Finally, with the help of software simulation and ASIC implementation, we show that the proposed scheme is highly efficient in terms of fault detection capability whereas it involves small area and time overhead. As an example, we have shown that the worst case area overhead ispercent for CRCwith four parity bits, and corresponding time overhead ispercent.
Model-predictive control (MPC) is an advanced model-based control technique. It allows flexible control schemes with fast time responses. However, like most optimization-based control strategies, MPCs are usually computationally intensive and suffer from a lack of robustness toward parametric variations. The computational burden of these controllers is nowadays being relieved thanks to the progress of digital devices;however, the robustness is still a major issue that prevents the use of MPC controllers in some applications. Systems presenting slow and fast dynamics at the same time are usually controlled by cascaded control loops. MPC techniques are restricted to the control of inner loops, while outer loops use more robust control techniques. The aim of this paper is to provide MPC techniques for both the inner and outer loops of an active front-end rectifier. A first dual-MPC cascaded control shows the drawbacks of usual MPC techniques for outer loops. It is thereafter modified to achieve a robust cascaded dual-MPC that eliminates the variable resistive load parameter from the system dynamical model and formulates a new prediction model containing only known parameters and measurable quantities. Finally, a third method based on the previous one is also presented in order to reduce switching losses. Experimental results for the three methods are presented and compared with double precision offline software simulation results to validate the feasibility of the proposed techniques.
Computer architecture research relies on software simulation to evaluate processor performance. Single-threaded simulators have unacceptable simulation times when modeling complex architectures with hundreds of cores. While parallelizing a simulator can improve performance, parallel simulators face the issue of synchronizing threads, which forces them to trade performance for accuracy. We study relaxed synchronization policies for parallel architecture simulators and introduce the weighted-tuple synchronization policy. Weighted-tuple is a distributed synchronization scheme which improves upon existing policies. We evaluate weighted-tuple for two parallel simulator settings: multicore simulation and network-on-chip simulation. For the multicore setting using weighted-tuple synchronization, average simulation time is reduced bypercent over barrier synchronization;error is also reduced bypercent. For network-on-chip simulation, weighted-tuple synchronization improves simulation speed bypercent with anpercent error increase compared to the barrier baseline.
This letter shows that the frequency-partitioning-fitting (FpF) method can be successfully applied to the phase-domain frequency-dependent modeling of underground cables for electromagnetic-transient simulations. This letter is a continuation of a separate paper that has presented the applicability of the FpF method to overhead transmission-line modeling. In addition, this letter introduces a technique to efficiently identify a modal traveling time and a technique to reduce the number of poles for the model realization.
Sense and Avoid (SAA) has been identified as one of the crucial technologies for UAV safety flight. The SAA systematic design is to develop a system with sensor configuration and SAA algorithms. Normally, the SAA system integration and test can be both expensive and dangerous without carefully system and algorithms development. In this paper, we proposed a software based SAA simulation framework for SAA system configuration and algorithms design. First, the software structure and functional submodules are described. Then the SAA function is modelled and optimization based algorithms integrating environment sensing, collision evaluation and avoidance. Simulation results and analysis are provided to validate the simulation software and algorithms. By configuring the sensors and adjusting the algorithms parameters, the software based simulation framework can act as a guidance to the development of practical SAA systems.
With the rapidly growing demands for large capacity main memory in server systems and embedded systems, current DRAM-only approach is hitting the limit due to DRAM's capacity scaling issue and significant background power. With the emergence of new non-volatile memories, or storage-class memories (SCMs), we can now explore low power, high capacity memory subsystem by redesigning virtual memory system to be SCM-aware. Most research on virtual memory system design has focused on minimizing page fault frequency due to slow data transfers using storage such as HDD/SSD as virtual memory swap device. However with an SCM-based swap device, its near-DRAM access latency has potential for reducing requisite DRAM size by aggressively evicting pages from DRAM to SCM without sacrificing performance, and thus reducing background power by powering off the freed DRAM space for low power. To select an optimal SCM from among the many candidate SCM technologies, the impact of SCM characteristics was evaluated using full-system simulation. Results show that utilizing SCM with low access latency and low write energy can lead to significant potential reduction of memory subsystem energy by up to 83%, while maintaining performance degradation within acceptable range.
This paper investigates the radiation efficiencies of compact meander line antennas designed for wireless networking of energy meters. The wireless band dedicated for this application in India is 865???867 MHz. Due to space limitations within existing energy meters, the design of the antenna is constrained within 12??18 mm2. Investigations were performed using electromagnetic simulation software Zealand IE3D, a MOM based software simulation tool.
Marx circuit based on avalanche transistors could be used to produce high power-nanosecond-Gaussian pulse. In this paper, theoretical calculations and software simulation of circuit parameters on the impact of the pulse waveform parameters are analyzed. The results show us that the charging voltage mainly affect amplitude and rise time of the pulse generated, the charging capacitor mainly impact the amplitude and fall time of the pulse, charging resistors could limit the maximum pulse repetition frequency. This paper provides a theoretical reference for the selection of components in the design of pulse source circuit and the researches of adjustable Gaussian pulse source.
The path loss model describing the power-law dependency on distance plus a log-normally distributed shadowing attenuation, is a staple of link budgets and system simulations. Determination of the parameters of this model is usually done from measurements and ray tracing. We show that the typical least-square fitting to those data points is inherently biased to give the best fitting to the link distances that happen to have more evaluation points;this bias might be highly undesirable in various types of simulations that use the resulting model. In this paper we present a weighted fitting method to address this issue. While it is unavoidable that fits are better for one distance range than another, we argue that such a decision should be made consciously, and adjusted to the type of simulation for which the path loss model should be used. We discuss the weighting functions for different purposes, and show their impact on prediction accuracy of signal level, interference level, and capacity in a hexagonal cellular grid simulation. As examples, weighted fitting models are presented for 28 GHz channels in urban macrocells, and it is shown that the fitting accuracy can be improved by our approach.
The Z-source dc-dc converter is a boost-type converter with high voltage gain than conventional boost converter. However, like boost converter, the Z-source dc-dc converter is also a non-minimum phase system, it transfers energy to load indirectly via the Z-network inductors. This paper presents the hysteresis modulation-based control for Z-source converter. Using differential geometry it is proved that Z-source converter with load voltage as the output is a non-minimum phase system. The coordinate sliding function based on inductor current error ensures the stability of zero dynamics. With that proved, a sliding mode current control for Z-source dc-dc converter is proposed. The switching frequency of the converter is constrained by introducing a hysteresis band. The Matlab/Simulink is used for the system simulation and results are presented for the validation of proposed theoretical technique.
Stray voltages have always been a power quality concern to utility companies and customers. The long-term exposure to sufficient stray voltage can be harmful to human being's and animals' health. The stray voltage in the low voltage network is generally related to the load unbalance, grounding condition and network structure. Through analytical study and detailed system simulations, this paper makes a sensitivity study on how serious these factors affect the stray voltage in low voltage networks. Therefore some recommendations can be formulated to prevent the excessive stray voltage. On the other hand, this paper also provides guidance on how to identify the cause of excessive stray voltage incidence if it is detected.
The operation principle of the dc power flow controller in the dc grid is presented, the impacts of the dc voltage and line equivalent resistance on dc power flow are analyzed. Based on these studies, a new dc power flow controller based on dual active bridge (DAB) topology is proposed accordingly in this paper. Compared with existing literatures, the proposed dc power flow controller is able to control the bi-directional power flow of the dc transmission line without requiring any external power supplies. PSCAD/EMTDC software simulations are carried out on a two-terminal double-line voltage source converter (VSC) based dc grid including with the proposed dc power flow controller. Furthermore, the corresponding experimental verification is undertaken using a scale-down prototype of the proposed dc power flow controller. The simulation and experimental results under various operation conditions show that the proposed dc power flow controller can effectively control the dc power flow as defined.
In order to eliminate the identification error of permanent magnet flux linkage (PM flux linkage) due to the measurement noise and multi-parameters variation of permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM), the parameter sensitivity of PM flux linkage is first analyzed, then based on the analysis results, an online full rank identification method of PM flux linkage is proposed by the mutual updating of two extended kalman filter to guarantee the accuracy and uniqueness of identification results. According to abovementioned researches, PMSM drive system integrated with the proposed identification method is set up and system simulation and experimental validation are implemented, research results validate the proposed method can implement the real-time accurate identification of PM flux linkage no matter the system operates in steady state or dynamic state
This paper proposes a KHN equivalent biquad using third generation current conveyor (CCIII). The proposed current mode filter circuit is derived from the adjoint signal flow graph corresponding to the classical KHN filter. The proposed multi-input and single-output biquad offers all the advantages of KHN biquad. The derived circuit can realize all the five responses (Low pass, High Pass, Band pass, All pass and Band stop) without the need of any additional active/passive component. To validate the circuit workability software simulations have been done using PSPICE. Non-ideal analysis and sensitivity analysis of the filter circuit is also shown in this paper.
Analysis was performed to evaluate the electrical impact of replacing long rod composite insulators in a series compensation platform structure with short rod insulators attached together with a metallic plate. Electric field analysis and system simulations have been performed to investigate the electric field intensity and voltage level at the metallic plate attachment in steady-state and during transients. Results indicated that for transmission line platform up to 500 kV, corona will not be generated at the metallic plate attachment and hence a corona ring will not be required. Moreover if the air clearance of the metallic plate attachment from the ground is sufficient to withstand 50% of the platform insulation level, flashover to ground will be prevented. This new arrangement is expected to contribute in reducing the complexity and components cost of the platform structure along with the cost of service maintenance.
With the constantly changing power system topology and operation status, it is not yet feasible to update full power system simulation models in real time. Furthermore, the accuracy of models for dynamic simulation is a concern. In the large-scale power system dynamic simulation, usually only the dynamics of a local system need to be studied while external systems can be reduced. Thus, dynamic equivalencing is one solution for the increasing size and complexity of power systems. This paper develops a measurement-based equivalent model of the external systems in order to improve the model accuracy of the reduced system and increase the speed of dynamic simulation through system reduction. The dynamic equivalents are obtained by a system identification method and integrated to the simulation tool.
As the ???Industry 4.0??? has been proposed, the need of large-scale systems integration has become more urgent. Currently, Internet of things (IoT) systems used in intelligent manufacturing are commonly developed by different organizations using specific technologies and platforms, which brings a lot of difficulties in monitoring equipment access and seamless integration. To solve the aforementioned problem, a novel model of the Internet of things instrument (IoTI) is proposed. The IoTI designed based on the new model can achieve automatic access to different sensing devices, seamless integration and communication for heterogeneous environments. It can also improve the development efficiency. During the development, integration and application of IoTI, we validate the rationality and feasibility of aforesaid model. The results show that the model is efficient and feasible, which realizes the heterogeneous system integration and improves development efficiency.
This paper presents a voltage mode first order all pass filter using one differential difference current conveyor (DDCC) as active element and resistor and capacitor one each as passive elements. The proposed circuit realizes first-order all-pass functions without any component matching constraints. Hence phase shifted signal over whole range of 180?? to ???180?? may be obtained simultaneously. A new sinusoidal oscillator circuit is designed with the DDCC based all pass filter. The proposed circuit performance is tested using PSPICE software simulation with the 0.5 ??m MIETEC CMOS model parameters. Non-ideal analysis is also performed
This paper describes the design, manufacturing and testing of a new RFID chipless tag linearly polarized, with improved data capacity, reduced size. The tag generates data in the frequency band of 3.5???6.5 GHz. It consists of an H-shaped cavity and a circular UWB antenna associated by means of transmission line. An original shape and an original association are realized, and a novel chipless tag is proposed and experimentally verified. In this work, we present the experimental characterization of the H-shaped cavity and the circular antenna separately, and the system simulation of the two components associated, proving the feasibility of our novel configuration.
This paper addresses the definition and testing, through a network emulation platform, of satellite IP-based live video streaming. Specifically, a High Throughput Satellite (HTS) VSAT commercial service operating at Ka-band was considered as core network for IP data transport. This approach opens the way to the definition of a new live &#x201C;low cost - high quality&#x201D;contribution model, compared to the classic Ku-band uplinks in use so far. On the other hand, the solution identified has to face some shortcomings that shall be carefully evaluated and are described in the paper.
In this study, we will discuss the gain of the linear piezoelectric motor of mode shape with Pi type base by theoretical derivation and computer simulation analysis respect to the linear piezoelectric motor of normal shape. In which the coating approach of the effective electrode surface of the linear piezoelectric motor is based on the function of mode shape. And the function is obtained from the equation of motion and boundary conditions through theoretical derivation. According to the results of the theoretical derivation and computer simulation analysis, we have found the gain of the linear piezoelectric motors of mode shape with Pi type base are larger than the linear piezoelectric motor of normal shape under the same driving conditions. In addition, we have also found the linear piezoelectric motor of mode shape 3 with Pi type base having the fastest axial velocity, which is about -62mm/s and 62mm/s under conditions of 180V<sub>p-p</sub> driving voltage, 77.8kHz driving frequency (the third vibration modal), 25gw loading and the position of loading at x=-12mm &amp;x=36mm respectively. And its axial or linear velocity is about 1.41 times the linear piezoelectric motor of normal shape with Pi type base under the same conditions. Finally, we have found that the gain or linear velocity of linear piezoelectric motor of mode shape with Pi type base is slightly larger than the linear piezoelectric motor of mode shape with n type base, which is about 1.3 times in average.
The landscape of power systems has been changing significantly as the result of the adoption of a variety of new technologies, high penetration of renewable energy, increasing complexity of the grid, etc. As a new and cost-effective paradigm, cloud-based power system applications will help power system planners and operators to prepare for these challenges. It allows for easy access to larger scale computing resources over Internet that facilitates the data acquisition, storage, and analytics for power system operations and analyses. This paper presents two kinds of such applications: (1) cloud-based power system simulation and (2) cloud-hosted synchrophasor platform. The preliminary results from these applications are presented and discussed in detail in this paper.
Decentralized decision making is a promising candidate for cost-effective participation of small electric loads to power system operations. In such setup, individual loads take control decisions based on local information. Local control laws are designed to synchronize individual efforts. Large loads groups may thereby contribute to system stability in a predictable way. In this paper, Energy Constrained Loads (e.g., battery charging, night storage heater) participates in primary control in a communication-free setup. Three different controllers and associated actions are considered: (1) delay at start, (2) regular on/off switching, or (3) proportional power modulation. Control laws are respectively based on discrete thresholds, probabilistic algorithms and proportional control. Two linear aggregate models are introduced to render large-scale simulations tractable. They accurately reproduce the group's frequency response in the three proposed control strategies. Long-term system simulations are then run to assess the group's response performance.
Changing dynamics of power systems caused by the large-scale penetration of renewable energy sources and a different behaviour of future distribution networks increase the risk of large-scale blackouts due to voltage collapse, especially in case of unforeseen network conditions (e.g., (N-k)-cases). To enable a both secure and efficient power supply, novel emergency control systems are required that react reliably in due time and adaptively in case of changing network situations. This paper presents a distributed control approach for the prevention of voltage collapse by a coordinated activation of available countermeasures, in particular acting on distribution transformers, curtailing load as well as deploying the flexibilities of HVDC-converters and underlying active distribution networks. As the proposed scheme is based on limited system observability and only relies on local measurements, complete system information is not required. The applicability of the approach is demonstrated in a co-simulation with a dynamic power system simulation.
When representing the stochastic characteristics of wind generators within power system simulations, the spatial and temporal correlations of the wind resource must be correctly modelled to ensure that reserve and network capacity requirements are not underestimated. A methodology for capturing these correlations within a vector auto-regressive (VAR) model is presented, and applied to a large-scale reanalysis dataset of historical wind speed data for the British Isles. This is combined with a wind speed-to-power conversion model trained against historically metered data from wind farms on the Great Britain (GB) electricity system in order to derive a lightweight model for simulating injections of wind power across a transmission network. The model is demonstrated to adequately represent ramp rates, both at a site and network level, as well as the individual correlations between sites, while being suitable for network adequacy studies which may require the simulation of many years of operation.
In this paper the problem of synthesis control algorithm for two telescopes with a common azimuthal shaft and mechanically separated elevation shafts is considered. One of the telescopes is considered to be a master, while the slave telescope should follow the elevation position of a master with a zero error in steady state without disturbances. Methods of the electro drive theory, automatic control theory, and methods of system simulation are used to solve this problem. Using the theory of synchronization control considered problem is decomposed to the task of angle tracking for the master telescope and the task of synchronization for the slave telescope. For each task discrete-time optimal control algorithm with a guaranteed degree of stability is developed. The system is close-looped by a state observer. Synchronous position error minimized using the feedforward coefficients matrix from master to slave. At finish, there is an example of solving this problem with the simulation in MATLAB / Simulink.
FPGA-based hardware emulation platform runs significantly faster than software simulation for verifying complex circuit designs. However, the controllability and observability of circuit internal signals mapped onto FPGAs are restricted due to the limited chip pins. Scan chain-based technique is effective in providing full-chip controllability and observability, at the cost of large area overhead, especially for FPGAs. Therefore, partial scan has been proposed as an alternative way to improve the controllability and observability while reducing the area cost. However, the optimized partial scan solution with the minimum number of scan flip-flops is not always found. This paper formulates the classical balanced structure partial scan procedure in one step as an integer linear programming problem, leading to the optimized partial scan solution. In addition, partially used logic resources in FPGAs are exploited to implement the extra logic required by the scan chain, to further reduce the area cost. Experimental results show that our partial scan approach can reduce the area overhead by 78.6% and 16.6% compared to the full scan and the existing partial scan approach.
Simulation examples are given to illustrate the use of computer simulation technology in power system protective relaying courses and to shown the advantages of computer simulation technology in electrical engineering undergraduate course teaching. With the operation state of power system demonstrated in the graphical interface of computer simulation system, it is much easier for students to link the basic theoretical knowledge with the practical problems to be solved, and much more helpful for students to enhance their interest and ability in resolving practical engineering problems with their learned theoretical knowledge. Moreover, computer simulation technology can also play an important role in the teaching reform of power system protective relaying course, so that the purpose of improving teaching quality and increasing teaching efficiency can be achieved.
With the increasing consumption of reactive power, negative sequence component generated by unbalanced three-phase system has seriously affected the power quality, power system stability and economic operation. In this paper, the static var generator is used to compensate the reactive power and would control the negative sequence current caused by unbalanced load. Instantaneous detection of reactive power can separate the fundamental positive sequence reactive current and negative sequence current and establish the synchronization control strategy for dual d-q coordinate sequence. This paper also realizes the synchronous control of reactive power and negative sequence component. The SVG system simulation model is built in this paper. Simulation results show that the proposed method can effectively compensate the negative sequence component and reactive power, which greatly improves the power quality and stability of the system.
Design of memory I/O channels or general purpose I/O (GPIO) has become very complicated as we aim for higher speeds, higher I/O count and cost-effective solutions. At these speeds, package and die discontinuities cause more deterministic jitter and noise due to inter-symbol interference (ISI) effects and crosstalk. Therefore, to improve timing margins, engineers have to carefully study impact of package and die capacitive/inductive discontinuities in order to improve the portion contributing to eye diagram closure. This paper specifically shows how these discontinuities affect DDR4 memory system simulations differently based on the direction of communication, that is, Write (die to DRAM) and Read (DRAM to die) and then offers practical solutions that can be used to mitigate jitter and improve margins.
The Sol y Agua project will augment the learning environment of middle school students with the creation of a computer game based on regional issues explored through information overload, virtual simulations, and real world data [1]. The game has a theme of water sustainability and stewardship with an emphasis on information analysis, negotiation, and decision-making. The game will also immerse students in themes concerning biodiversity, sustainability, and the human impact on the environment. The various activities will allow student to make informed decisions regarding water sources, maintenance, environmental factors, and sustainability, among others. The students will learn the impact of humans on the environment through data analysis and run experiments in a virtual laboratory with real data. Data visualization will allow students to interpret data in new, fun, and meaningful ways. The game has an emphasis in promoting the demographic of the Southwest United States and minorities towards developing careers in STEM, where they are largely underrepresented. The game activities have been developed using the Texas Essentials of Knowledge and Skills (TEKS) Standards [2].
Elastic optical networks in conjunction with the Software Defined Networking (SDN) paradigm promise to serve the increasing networking requirements of current and future applications and services, providing on demand and scheduled capacity. We present an emulation environment for SDN-enabled, multi-layer and flexible IP/Optical networks, named Julius, based on Mininet, for the SDN network emulation and LINC-OE, for the optical emulation. Julius also integrates a Path Computation Element (PCE) client that communicates with any standard PCE. Julius can be used for basic and applied research on protocols (e.g., OpenFlow, PCEP) extensions and resource reservation/routing algorithms.
The threshold and confidence of fuzzy production rules are difficult to determined while fault diagnosis of FMS is conducted with fuzzy Petri Nets. A new fault diagnosis method of Self-Learning Fuzzy Petri nets(SFPN) is proposed in this paper. Through slicing processing the model of knowledge, the parameters of weight, threshold and confidence are trained by learning ability of neural network. The process of FMS fault diagnosis based on SFPN is given and system simulation experiments are carried out. Simulation results show the model has self learning abilities of neural network. It can study new expert experience knowledge continuously which breaks the limitations of weight preestablishing in traditional fuzzy Petri Nets. It has certain intelligence.
This paper investigates the problem of active fault tolerant control for networked control systems with network delay, package loss, as well as actuator fault. Treating the aforementioned communication constraints as a unified definition of view, called the round-trip time (RTT) delay. An adaptive fault observer is devised in the sensor to evaluate the state and the actuator fault. According to the estimation of the state and the actuator fault, a networked predictive fault tolerant control (NPFTC) strategy is introduced to eliminate both the effect of RTT delay and the actuator fault actively. A control prediction generator is designed by using an state feedback control law with the fault compensation form to compensate for the actuator fault, and a network delay compensator is designed in the actuator to compensate for the RTT delay. Then a stability and acceptable performance of NCSs is obtained. Eventually, some system simulations are supply to demonstrated the availability of the presented approach.
This paper points out the significance of setup costs reduction on the decrease of lot size. The authors demonstrate this phenomenon on a flexible manufacturing system simulation model. The research focus was to fully understand the relationships between the lot size and setup costs. The aim of research was to show an impact of lot size on the selected manufacturing objectives. For each series of experiments, the setup costs were continuously reduced, and then the optimal lot size was determined by simulation optimization. The procedure for lot size determination was proposed by the authors and is based on a simulation optimization method. The authors have expressed their hypothesis of the positive impact of the optimal lot size on the objective parameters fulfilment of a manufacturing system, especially the minimization of costs per unit, throughput time and work in progress and the maximization of number of finished products and machine utilization. The hypothesis was confirmed by the gained simulation experiment results.
Improving the performance and power efficiency of a single processor has been fraught with various challenges stemming from the end of the classical technology scaling. Thus, the importance of efficiently running applications on a parallel/distributed computer system has continued to increase. In developing and optimizing such a parallel/distributed computer system, it is critical to study the impact of the complex interplay amongst processor, node, and network architectures on performance and power efficiency in detail. This necessitates a flexible, detailed and open-source full-system simulation infrastructure. However, our community lacks such an infrastructure. In this paper, we present <italic>pd-gem5</italic>, a <italic>gem5</italic>-based infrastructure that can model and simulate a parallel/distributed computer system using multiple simulation hosts. Our experiment shows that <italic>pd-gem5 </italic> running on six simulation hosts speeds up the simulation of a 24-node computer system up to 3.2&#x00D7;compared with running on a single simulation host.
As a result of huge advancements in VLSI technology, more and more complex circuits are being implemented making not only the whole digital system more prone to faults, but also the fault detector itself susceptible to faults resulting in the requirement of concurrent fault detection architecture of the encoders and decoders. In this paper, we present a multiple-bit parity-based fault detection architecture for parallel CRC computation. After analyzing the parallel implementation of CRC, we present a formulation to generate a multiple-bit parity prediction structure to incorporate the fault detection architecture. Using the formulations of digit level CRC architecture, the checksum is divided into few blocks and predicted multiple-bit parity of the blocks are compared with the actual parity bits. Finally, with the help of software simulation and ASIC implementation, we show that the proposed scheme is highly efficient in terms of fault detection capability whereas it involves small area and time overhead. As an example, we have shown that the worst case area overhead is <inline-formula><tex-math notation=
Model-predictive control (MPC) is an advanced model-based control technique. It allows flexible control schemes with fast time responses. However, like most optimization-based control strategies, MPCs are usually computationally intensive and suffer from a lack of robustness toward parametric variations. The computational burden of these controllers is nowadays being relieved thanks to the progress of digital devices;however, the robustness is still a major issue that prevents the use of MPC controllers in some applications. Systems presenting slow and fast dynamics at the same time are usually controlled by cascaded control loops. MPC techniques are restricted to the control of inner loops, while outer loops use more robust control techniques. The aim of this paper is to provide MPC techniques for both the inner and outer loops of an active front-end rectifier. A first dual-MPC cascaded control shows the drawbacks of usual MPC techniques for outer loops. It is thereafter modified to achieve a robust cascaded dual-MPC that eliminates the variable resistive load parameter from the system dynamical model and formulates a new prediction model containing only known parameters and measurable quantities. Finally, a third method based on the previous one is also presented in order to reduce switching losses. Experimental results for the three methods are presented and compared with double precision offline software simulation results to validate the feasibility of the proposed techniques.
This paper presents a novel workflow for the design of mixed-signal systems with asynchronous control. Current methods rely on synchronous control logic and full-system simulation, which might lead to suboptimal results and even project respins due to critical errors. Asynchronous circuits can provide greater robustness, reactivity, and power efficiency. The proposed workflow aims to combine state-of-the-art tools for asynchronous circuit design and formal verification of analog systems in a unified environment. The effectiveness of this methodology is demonstrated by the analysis of a buck converter.
A model that accurately reproduces the electrical behavior of photovoltaic (PV) devices becomes relevant, not only for cell, panel, array and system simulation, but also as an analysis tool that provides an insight of the internal physical mechanisms of PV devices. Consequently, a method based on genetic algorithms is proposed in this paper to obtain the parameters of the one-diode model of PV cells. The proposed method is applicable to I-V curves at several irradiation and temperature levels. Moreover, it simplifies the computation by adjusting the real data to the modeled one, without solving the transcendental equation that describes the current-voltage (I-V) characteristic. Additionally, the presented method combines two approaches;on the one hand, one that relies on the use of fitting algorithms that minimize the error for the entire set of data, and on the other, one that seeks minimization in selected I-V points (open-circuit, short-circuit and maximum power points ). In order to verify the validity of the method, an I-V curve is obtained out of the parameters previously determined and later compared with that offered by the panel manufacturer.
In some countries, electrical distribution lines have to cross areas where the installation cost could be very high and carrying out maintenance could become extremely difficult (e.g. desert areas). As a result, frequent power disconnections and blackout heavily affect the quality of supply of end-users. Oppositely, the renewable energy sources exploitation in supplying portions of the distribution network during system disconnections is very interesting, both for reducing fossil fuel use and as backup power generator. In case the islanded local electrification makes use of discontinuous and unpredictable energy sources such as photovoltaic, a Battery Energy Storage System is required to regulate the system, supplying power balance and voltage stability. In the paper, a stand-alone distribution network, corresponding in size to a typical Libyan oasis-village, has been developed and analysed. A photovoltaic generator locally supplies the islanded network, while an integrated BESS provides the daily energy balance and the system stability. The research examines the effectiveness of the proposed control strategy, developed with the scope of coordinating the role of both the solar generation and the energy storage system in facing active and reactive power requirements of the connected loads. Specific algorithms are introduced to define the optimal electrical operating condition in terms of voltage and frequency. Power system simulations demonstrate the control strategy strengths in terms of stability and time of response. Quality of supply, evaluated in terms of frequency deviations and voltage profiles, remains considerably high also considering different scenarios and introducing quick load variations. Finally, a brief investigation on integrating photovoltaic, storage and traditional generators (making use of fossil fuels) is presented.
For the characteristic of compact structure, low inertia, high rigidness and accuracy, parallel mechanisms are worthwhile to be popularized in the field of agricultural robotization, especially in situations that require precise movement in limited space. Focusing on the harvesting task of strawberries in ridge culture, a 4-PPPR robot manipulator with three translational DOF and one rotational DOF is devised in this paper. A type synthesis method of GF set theory is used to design its topology structure in 3D space. Compared to traditional machine design methods, this synthesis method allow one to decide the manipulator's configuration in a &#x201C;Top-down&#x201D; logic initially from the appointed features of the manipulator's moving platform. A software simulation is carried out to demonstrate this mechanism can meet all the movement requirements by driving the four active joints allocated on the fixed platform.
The increasing presence of renewables in today's power systems leads to more power electronics devices. Therefore, it is becoming critical to integrate analysis and design of power electronics and power systems. This paper presents a multi-level approach to use Modelica models to interface these two domains and to enable experts to work with consistent models and simulation environments. Furthermore, the multilevel approach requires coherent initialization of all levels of the models. To this aim, this paper demonstrated how the results of static phasor simulation can be utilized to automatically generate correct initial conditions for electromagnetic transient simulations that include switching power electronic devices.
Current era has brought an incredible development of ICT in all industrial branches. Inevitable implementation of new technologies calls not only for theoretical knowledge in the field. The graduates of technical universities, however, frequently lack some practical training. To face this drawback, many universities have come with an idea of a virtual learning environment. In our case, the solution to the missing practical experience can be represented by a simplified model of a virtual robot identical in its interface with the real industrial robot. Such a can work on the same principle and its algorithms can replicate the behavior of a real industrial robot, providing thus comparable outcomes.
A 12-phase rectifier power generation system with a new type of topology and its rectifier-side short circuit fault are studied. The new type of system has four sets of rectifier devices with two series and two parallel and the traditional system has four sets of rectifier device with four parallels. The difference of DC voltage and DC current in normal operation and rectifier-side fault between them is analyzed. For the rectifier-side short circuit fault under no-load condition, the short circuit current expressions in AC side and DC side are derived, the novel rectifier power system simulation model is established in Matlab/Simulink software environment and rectifier-side short circuit fault simulation is performed. The simulation results accord with the derived expression of the short circuit current.
To solve the dynamic changes in the running surrounding of manufacturing system, the factories have to adjust their production methods to adapt diversity of market needs and increase of new product developments. This paper proposed a original concept of bionic manufacturing system. The biological organisms have many advantages in the fields of adapting to environmental changes and stimulus. Inspired by the bionic concepts, a novel adaptive manufacturing control structure is built. It shows good characters in the specify production control schemes and the agility to the random matters at the shop floor level. Finally, a prototype system has been built to verify the bionic manufacturing control system simulation.
3D virtual manufacturing holds a huge promise for industrial corporation education and training. From 3D simulation that makes it easier for new employees to understand complex concepts to allow new employees to experience nonsafety situations first-hand without threat to personal safety, and helping to make the training more efficient and productive. Proven to be a valuable training tool when trying to engage and enthuse new employee to new or complex topics. In 3D virtual manufacturing, a student can slow down the simulation of an industrial process, pause, and zoom on a point of interest, and do 360-degree view on a machine, things that are not possible in real world. This paper presents a method using existing virtual manufacturing technology in order to improve the quality of a new employee training, reduce the cost and the time consumed in the training. It could offer a tremendous advantage for the distance manufacturing new engineers as they could operate costly machining equipment on their own computer in a very mistake forgiving environment.
Failure defect modeling (FDM), a software simulation technique, replicates the failure mode and characteristic of a defective integrated circuit thus narrows down the analysis area. The results of FDM guides the analyst in the selection of the suitable physical failure analysis technique and process steps to successfully uncover the defect.
Device-to-Device (D2D) communication was initially proposed in cellular networks as a new paradigm to enhance network performance. The main focus is on the capacity of the proposed system with multiple idle UEs serving as relays. This paper investigates the tight integration of D2D communication into an LTE-A network and the performance of D2D multi-hop communication. Further, we present numerical results based on the system simulations in an interference limited scenario. Our studies and analysis and numerical results indicate that multi-hop D2D communications combined schemes can be useful not only for harvesting the potential gains previously identified in the literature, but also for extending the coverage of cellular networks.
Distributed generation (DG) has significant effects on the voltage quality and economic operation of distribution network. Taking reactive powers supplied by DGs and reactive power compensation equipment as control variables, the reactive power optimization problem in distribution power system with DGs is researched and an adaptive harmony search-particle swarm optimization (AHSPSO) algorithm is proposed. Considering economic factors, the multi-objective reactive power optimization model of distribution power system with DGs is established firstly. Then a new hybrid algorithm &#x2014; AHSPSO algorithm is proposed based on the improved harmony search (HS) algorithm and particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm. Compared with original HS and PSO in a modified IEEE 33-bus system simulation analysis, the results show that the proposed algorithm has stronger global search capability, higher convergence accuracy and faster convergence rate. Besides, taking DG as a mean of reactive power compensation can effectively reduce the power loss and improve the node voltage level. AHSPSO algorithm is suitable for solving the reactive power optimization problem in distribution power system with DGs.
The switching action in PWM converters is high nonlinear and consuming expensive computing resources severely. These factors limit large-scale system simulation such as renewable energy integration. This paper proposes simplified modeling method that regards the converter as a dual-port controlled power conversion element by considering its function and controlled characteristic. The controlled characteristic and control strategy are included in the simplified model except for the law of conservation of energy. The simulation results of simplified model from transient state to steady state are in good agreement with the results of detailed model, which shows the simplified model is feasible and has high accuracy. What is more important is that the method is easy to understand and the amount of calculation is dropped greatly by ignoring the internal complex structure of switching process.
Network partitioning is widely used in power system simulation to accelerate simulation process. Due to uneven or non-optimize network partitioning and extension of the simulation process caused by manual network partitioning in the past work, an automatic network partitioning methodology based on automatic optimization decoupling technology (AODT) is developed in this study for electromagnetic transient (EMT) simulation in large power networks. The methodology is based on the combination of the long transmission line decoupling algorithm and the node-splitting algorithm, and the number of the subnetworks to be divided can be either specified or unspecified. The methodology will be tested on a real power network using Advanced Digital Power System Simulator (ADPSS).
An uplink multisecondary user (SU) cognitive radio system having average delay constraints as well as an interference constraint to the primary user (PU) is considered. If the interference channels between the SUs and the PU are statistically heterogeneous due to the different physical locations of the different SUs, the SUs will experience different delay performances. This is because SUs located closer to the PU transmit with lower power levels. Two dynamic scheduling-and-power-allocation policies that can provide the required average delay guarantees to all SUs irrespective of their locations are proposed. The first policy solves the problem when the interference constraint is an instantaneous one, while the second is for problems with long-term average interference constraints. We show that although the average interference problem is an extension to the instantaneous interference one, the solution is totally different. The two policies, derived using the Lyapunov optimization technique, are shown to be asymptotically delay optimal while satisfying the delay and interference constraints. Our findings are supported by extensive system simulations and shown to outperform the existing policies as well as shown to be robust to channel estimation errors.
Cell splitting is an effective way of implementing network densification in order to boost the capacity of a mobile system. Traditionally, the cell splitting procedure has been carried out in the azimuth dimension. However, another approach known as vertical sectorization has been gaining momentum recently, where the sectors of a conventional cellular system are split vertically instead, creating inner and outer cells by using AAS technology. Then vertical sectorization can use the same communication resources in both inner and outer parts of the cells. Performance of vertical sectorization has been extensively studied in the literature using advanced system simulations. However, field measurements to characterize the actual performance of vertical sectorization with AAS have been scarce so far. In this article, we first identify key issues that may hinder the smooth implementation of commercial cellular systems using vertical sectorization. Then we present the results of a measurement campaign that was carried out to study these limitations and to identify the actual vertical radiation patterns when AAS technology is used. Finally, we reflect on some problems that remain open to make future cellular systems using vertical sectorization with AAS commercially viable.
To conduct power system simulations with high shares of wind energy, standard wind turbine models, which are aimed to be generic rms models for a wide range of wind turbine types, have been developed. As a common practice of rms simulations, the power electronic interface of wind turbines is assumed to be ideally synchronised, i.e. grid synchronisation (e.g. phase locked loop (PLL)) is not included in simplified wind turbine models. As will be shown in this study, this practice causes simulation convergence problems during severe voltage dips and when the loss of synchronism occurs. In order to provide the simulation convergence without adding complexity to the generic models, a first-order filtering approach is proposed as a phase angle calculation algorithm in the grid synchronisation of the rms type-4 wind turbine models. The proposed approach provides robustness for the simulation of large-scale power systems with high shares of wind energy.
In this paper, we present an interactive simulation game with the objective to understand the mutual interferences of competitive (ant) species by experiencing their behaviour in a novel way. To reach that goal, the simulation makes use of current virtual reality devices (specifically the Oculus Rift DK2) to increase the level of immersion for the user. The focus of our research lies on the design and simulation of the foraging strategies of two antagonistic ant species, as well as the creation of an accessible experimentation environment. In particular, an invasive species based on the Argentine Ant (Lipethima Humile) is introduced into an ecosystem already populated by a native species modelled along the Black Garden Ant (Lasius Niger). The user can then use virtual tools inspired by real-life means to control the spreading of ants and help the native species to survive despite being inferior to the invasive ant. Options include manipulating pheromones used by the ants for navigation and, thereby, influencing the mechanism of mutual identification, or placing obstacles that block the ants' path. Also, many key parameters that control the ants can be modified during runtime. An integrated logging mechanism allows to collect data which can be processed by standard tools. The simulation also offers a dynamic, nature-inspired interactive example of the Ant Colony Optimization principle and can help to make natural processes more accessible.
The point process theory and stochastic geometry are usually used to model cellular networks in two-dimensional (2-D) space. However, the well known 2-D models are appropriate for rural or suburban areas but are not suitable for dense urban environments, where a large number of heterogeneous small cells are deployed in the new generation networks. By the integration of the millimeter wave (mmWave) bands into the new generation networks, accurate modeling and performance analysis of mmWave based heterogeneous networks (HetNets) become important issues. In this paper, a new 3D model of next generation HetNets is proposed, where a 3-D Mate&#x0301;rn Hard-Core Process (MHCP) is used to describe the different cells positions in the network with realistic constraints. The average coverage probability expressions of down-link HetNets are detailed and derived. MatLab software simulations are conducted to evaluate the analytical results and the advantage of the proposed 3-D model when compared to the traditional 2-D model. The results confirm the accuracy of the proposed model which presents an efficient description and tractable model of dense small cells deployment in next generation HetNets.
Air Traffic Control (ATC) plays a crucial role in the modern air transportation system. As a decentralized system, every control sector in the ATC network system needs to use all sorts of available information to manage local air traffic in a safe, smooth and cost-efficient way. A key issue is: how each individual ATC sector should use global traffic information to make local ATC decisions, such that the global air traffic, not just the local, can be improved. This paper reports a simulation study on ATC strategies aiming to address the above issue. The coming-in traffic to sectors is the focus, and the ATC strategy means how to define and apply various local ATC rules, such as first-come-first-served rule, to the coming-in traffic according to the global traffic information. A simplified ATC network model is set up and a software simulation system is then developed. The simulation results reveal that, even for a same set of ATC rules, a bad strategy of applying them can cause heavy traffic congestion, while a good strategy can significantly reduce delays, improve safety, and increase efficiency of using airspace.
Design of product maintainability, involving analysis, verification, and training, can be pre-conducted with the aid of virtual environment - virtual maintenance. Unlike non-immersive virtual simulation, immersive virtual simulation offers a more realistic and effective path for maintainability design. However, in the current maintenance simulation environment, the actions of human beings who act as the subject of recognition are always observed and analyzed externally, where little sensory information acquired from human beings can be adopted for further interaction. Meanwhile, current maintenance simulation is conducted based on personal experiences and skills where the users may be disoriented without a natural and reasonable interaction pattern and model. To solve the problem of human-computer interaction in virtual maintenance system, we adapt the driver class of data gloves and optical tracking devices to expatiate the method of maintenance action data acquisition and disposal strategy, combined with the virtual environment. With the use of gloves and a 3D data tracker for motion capture, gesture recognition, and mapping of command, we expound the realization of human-computer interaction methods in the DELMIA virtual environment. We operate a virtual model of parts and components maintenance via a virtual hand. The focus is to achieve a virtual entity that manipulates the process in direct and concrete ways, relying on optical tracking, data gloves, and other peripherals. Finally, a virtual maintenance case is presented to verify the proposed method.
Particle therapy system simulation framework, PTSIM, is a simulation framework based on Geant4 Monte Carlo simulation. It has been originally developed for particle radiotherapy to simulate dose distribution inside patient. PTSIM has provided a common platform to model proton and ion therapy facilities, allowing users who are not Geant4 experts to accurately and efficiently run Geant4 simulations with the pre-build configurations. Efforts on further development of PTSIM are still under way to include more functionality and improve the performance. In proton therapy, innovations of treatment machines such as a layer-stacking irradiation system and a pencil beam scanning irradiation system have been made for delivering more ideal dose distributions. In order to perform a specially optimized treatment for each patient, e.g. a tailor made proton therapy, there is a strong request to monitor the dose distribution inside patient by measurements in addition to the calculations. Such dose monitoring is performed by reconstructing dose images by detecting prompt and annihilation gamma rays that are produced from radioisotopes in nuclear interactions by primary protons with patient tissues. The PTSIM has an important roll to simulate the secondary isotope productions, its decay, and the signals in imaging devices in addition to delivered dose distributions. The results are used for optimizing detector configurations and mapping the reconstructed dose images to the delivered dose distribution. In this paper, we reports on the implementations of extending functions in PTSIM to medical imaging applications.
Particle therapy system simulation framework, PTSIM, is a simulation framework based on Geant4 Monte Carlo simulation. It has been originally developed for particle radiotherapy to simulate dose distribution inside patient. PTSIM has provided a common platform to model proton and ion therapy facilities, allowing users who are not Geant4 experts to accurately and efficiently run Geant4 simulations with the pre-build configurations. Efforts on further development of PTSIM are still under way to include more functionality and improve the performance. In proton therapy, innovations of treatment machines such as a layer-stacking irradiation system and a pencil beam scanning irradiation system have been made for delivering more ideal dose distributions. In order to perform a specially optimized treatment for each patient, e.g. a tailor made proton therapy, there is a strong request to monitor the dose distribution inside patient by measurements in addition to the calculations. Such dose monitoring is performed by reconstructing dose images by detecting prompt and annihilation gamma rays that are produced from radioisotopes in nuclear interactions by primary protons with patient tissues. The PTSIM has an important roll to simulate the secondary isotope productions, its decay, and the signals in imaging devices in addition to delivered dose distributions. The results are used for optimizing detector configurations and mapping the reconstructed dose images to the delivered dose distribution. In this paper, we reports on the implementations of extending functions in PTSIM for medical imaging applications.
In the countries like India, the task of controlling electrical power system parameters is very difficult as well as it requires high cost to complete the task. These parameters are generally voltage of the all buses, impedance of the transmission line, active as well as reactive power flowing through the line and many others. Highly congested area leads to unstable the system and also it requires to control the said parameters; especially parameters of transmission line. Conventionally, these parameters can be controlled with various methods, i.e. control of network voltage and generator reactive output, coordination of protection/controlling equipments, controlling transformer tap changers, undervoltage load shedding and by using FACTS devices. This article focuses on usage of distributed FACTS devices to improve the transmission system parameters. Deployment of conventional lumped FACTS devices is still minimal because of its high cost and less reliability concerns. To overcome problems associated with conventional lumped FACTS devices, a new device, distributed static series compensator (DSSC) is introduced. This device can be manufactured from low cost conventional industrial-grade mass produced components. Also, it attaches directly to existing transmission system and so does not require any kind of high voltage insulation. The impact of installation of the DSSC is examined by analyzing its impact on various parameters of power system. With help of the power system simulation, a major advancement in transmission line parameters can be achieved with help of the DSSC.
The proposed research work deals with the execution of BFOA control for switched capacitor converter (SCC) with closed loop performance analysis. The above-culled converter is incipiently developed novel DC to DC converter with voltage hoist technique. The dynamic behavioural characteristics of power electronic converters is exceedingly nonlinear due to the nature of switching operation and unstable nature of time and, hence BFOA predicated bio-inspired controller is introduced for the developed novel converter [Intelligent swarm optimization network was developed for the current research work]. The closed loop performance investigation of the above converter utilizing software simulation (MATLAB) and proto type implementation with FPGA was validated. For the conditions like supply perturbances and load transmutes the performance of the converter is found to be preponderant.
A conventional UPS consists of a diode-bridge rectifier, a DC link capacitor, an inverter, and a battery system. In most on-line UPS systems, the batteries are charged during normal operation from the grid and discharged during emergency situations. Since one of the most important components in a UPS is the battery system, for safety issues, many battery chargers are required to have electrical isolation. In this paper a three-phase on-line UPS system with isolated bidirectional battery charger is proposed. A suitable dual feedback control strategy is developed for the inverter to reduce grid voltage fluctuations. Isolated battery charger would increase UPS flexibility and ensures required safety issues. Furthermore, a simple soft charger circuit is utilized to mitigate DC link inrush peak current. The basic principles of the developed system and control algorithms have been discussed in detail. UPS efficient performance is confirmed using system simulation in MATLAB/Simulink software.
The narrow bandwidth of a microstrip antenna is one of the important antennas wide usage In this paper, the design method coupling feed a bandwidth of 10GHz narrowband-ARMSA linearly polarized antenna. When the center frequency of 4.3GHz, the antenna design software simulation and actual test. The simulation results and the actual results are compared to the voltage standing wave ratio below 2, the measured results are consistent with the theory. Found microstrip antenna gain between -1dB-0dB, slightly less than the simulation results. The simulation and test results show that antenna has a good low elevation gain and linear polarization features to meet the needs of practical application.
A single ring resonator dual-band bandpass filter using quarter-wavelength resonators suitable for WLAN application is presented in this paper. Both side of ring resonator consist of quarter-wavelength parallel coupled-lines. In further reducing the size of the filter, meander structure is applied to an existing design. Using different number of meander slots, a microstrip dual-band single ring resonator are applied and realized on FR4 substrate to suite filter operating at 2.5 GHz and 5.2 GHz. Simulation is carried out in analyzing the performance of the design using high frequency system simulation software and fabrication is done to validate the topology.
The traditional LTE-A algorithm validation is limited to pure computer software simulation, which can't simulate the actual link scenes, missing scene parameters, the simulation results is invaluable in practice. Therefore, this paper designs LTE-A hardware-in-the-loop simulation system based on software-defined radio device USRP, and the physical layer real-time test level downlink is designed on the system. The downlink scheduled by the scheduling algorithm of the PC simulation platform, with scene parameters feedback to MAC layer in real time. The downlink designed with power interference between cells and users simulate the actual scene. Compare to current design of LTE hardware-in-the-loop simulation, this design presents data interaction between MAC layer and physical layer, implement of specific requirements for physical layer link, instead of generation of vector signal only. The results show that the system is running normally with easy scalability.
The development of e-schoolbag offers a valuable platform to the development of pupils' higher-order thinking skills. There are certain functions of e-schoolbags such as virtual simulation, cognitive tools, instant feedback, and learning portfolio, which can be used to cultivate the higher-order thinking skills of learners. This study describes a teaching practice with the use e-schoolbag in which the development of the higher-order thinking skills was studied by a quasi-experimental research. The data showed that such teaching practice with the application of the e-schoolbag could promote significantly the higher-order thinking skills of primary school students, especially the &#x0022;analytical skill&#x0022; and the &#x0022;evaluation skill&#x0022;.
This work was to develop a switch control approach for operating constrained mechanisms such as screwing valves or opening doors by using a rescuing mobile manipulator. The main concern is the prevention of generation of large internal forces attributed to location errors or imprecise parameter identification. Unlike conventional active or passive control methods, the proposed concept employs the switch control strategy to guarantee switching of robot joints in different working modes. Each joint of the rescuing mobile manipulator is designed with multiple working modes (passive mode and active mode). Active and passive control laws are provided for different working modes. The switch controller is realized to work the joints in the passive mode or active model automatically based on the analysis of Lyapunov stability. Thus, the stable operation is achieved with smaller inside force. From the analysis of system simulation and test results, the explanation of the effectiveness was definitely.
In this paper, we propose a new Super Wide Band (SWB) antenna with very large bandwidth. The antenna has a rectangular patch, 50 &#x03A9; microstrip feed line and partial ground plane with three round grooves to enhance the bandwidth. The characteristics of the designed structure are investigated using high frequency structure simulator (HFSS) and computer simulation technology softwares (CST). The achieved percentage bandwidth of the proposed design with return loss RL &#x2265; 10 dB is over 175%. Promising peak gain with good impedance matching and omni-directional radiation pattern are obtained.
This paper presents the design of a novel and compact microstrip-fed monopole super wideband (SWB) antenna with dual band-notch characteristics. The antenna impedance bandwidth (BW) extends from 3.2 reaching to 40 GHz. Moreover, the antenna inherently reject both the WLAN and X-band satellite communication systems that interfere with SWB spectrum. The antenna is analyzed using two software packages: high frequency structure simulator (HFSS) and computer simulation technology (CST) with relatively good agreement between results obtained from the two packages.
Power system simulations play a critical role in power grid planning studies. These studies become more computationally intensive as the result of the increasing level of system uncertainty and complexity. The deficiency associated with existing on-premise computing infrastructure in meeting these computational needs makes cloud computing an attractive alternative. A pilot project was initiated at ISO New England (ISO-NE) to explore the feasibility and implementation of cloud computing for power system simulations. In this paper, the concept of cloud computing, system architecture design, and cyber security scheme of the developed cloud-computing platform are discussed in details. The case study shows that adopting cloud computing can successfully meet various computing needs in power system planning studies in a cost-effective way without compromising cyber security and data privacy that are equally important to such organizations as ISO-NE.
Uncertainty analysis methods are widely used in today's electromagnetic compatibility simulations in order to take account of the nonideality and unpredictability in reality and improve the reliability of simulation results. The Stochastic Galerkin Method (SGM) and the Stochastic Collocation Method (SCM), both based on the generalized polynomial chaos expansion theory, have become two prevailing types of uncertainty analysis methods thanks to their high accuracy and high computational efficiency. This paper, by using the feature selective validation method, presents the quantitative accuracy comparison between the foregoing two methods, with the commonly used Monte-Carlo method (MCM) used as the comparison reference. This paper also introduces SCM into the CST software simulation as an example of performing uncertainty analysis. The advantages and limitations of SGM and SCM are discussed in detail in this paper. Finally, the strategy of how to choose among SGM, SCM, and MCM under different situations is proposed in Section VII.
In this paper, a novel design of Yagi-Uda nanoantenna is introduced and numerically analyzed using finite integration technique via computer simulation technology software. The proposed nanoantenna consists of five core-shell nanowires with silicon cladding and silver core to achieve high directivity for wireless point to point applications. The proposed design shows a high directivity of 17.21 at a wavelength of 500 nm, which exceeds the spherical dielectric counterparts with directivity of 12. Therefore, an enhancement of 43.41% is achieved, which is mainly useful for spontaneous emission manipulation and photon detection. This enhancement is attributed to the silicon dielectric shell that exhibits magnetic mode with high refractive index, as well as the surface plasmon mode supported by the silver core. Additionally, the proposed cylindrical design has advantages in terms of high homogeneity of the field distribution, which overcomes the inhomogeneity field distribution of the nanosphere-based design.
